S-3ASR 1 d490088ds3asr.htm S-3ASR S-3ASR Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2023 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MODERNA, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 81-3467528 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 200 Technology Square Cambridge, MA 02139 (617) 714-6500 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant&#146;s principal executive offices) St&eacute;phane Bancel Chief Executive Officer 200 Technology Square Cambridge, MA 02139 (617) 714-6500 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With copies to: Stuart Cable, Esq. Kingsley Taft, Esq. Gregg Katz, Esq. Goodwin Procter LLP 100 Northern Avenue Boston, Massachusetts 02210 (617) 570-1000 Shannon Thyme Klinger, Esq. Chief Legal Officer Moderna, Inc. 200 Technology Square Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 (617) 714-6500 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public : From time to time as determined by the Registrant after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. &#9744; If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. &#9746; If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#9744; If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#9744; If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#9746; If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;smaller reporting company,&#148; and &#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer &#9746; Accelerated filer &#9744; Non-accelerated filer &#9744; Smaller reporting company &#9744; Emerging growth company &#9744; If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. &#9744; Table of Contents PROSPECTUS Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Units From time to time, we may offer and sell our Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Debt Securities, Warrants or Units, in each case in one or more issuances and at prices and on terms that we will determine at the time of the offering. In addition, selling securityholders to be named in a prospectus supplement may offer our securities from time to time. To the extent that any selling securityholder resells any securities, the selling securityholder may be required to provide you with this prospectus and a prospectus supplement identifying and containing specific information about the selling securityholder and the terms of the securities being offered. This prospectus describes the general manner in which any of these securities may be offered using this prospectus. We will specify in an accompanying prospectus supplement the terms of the securities offered and other details regarding the offering thereof. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#147;MRNA.&#148; Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading &#147; Risk Factors &#148; on page 4 of this prospectus and in the applicable prospectus supplement and the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as well as under the heading &#147;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#148; on page 2 of this prospectus. You should read the entire prospectus and applicable prospectus supplement carefully before you make your investment decision. The securities covered by this prospectus may be sold directly by us or any selling securityholder to investors, through agents designated by us from time to time or through underwriters or dealers at prices and on terms to be determined at the time of offering. We will include in an applicable prospectus supplement the names of any underwriters or agents and any applicable commissions or discounts. Additional information on the methods of sale appears under &#147;Plan of Distribution&#148; in this prospectus. We will also describe in an applicable prospectus supplement the way(s) in which we expect to use the net proceeds we receive from any sale. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This prospectus may not be used to offer or sell any securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. The date of this prospectus is May 5, 2023. Table of Contents Table of Contents Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 ABOUT THE COMPANY 3 RISK FACTORS 4 USE OF PROCEEDS 5 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 6 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 11 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 18 DESCRIPTION OF UNITS 19 SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS 22 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 23 LEGAL MATTERS 26 EXPERTS 26 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 26 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE 27 You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and in an applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus. Neither we nor any selling securityholder has authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information. If anyone provides you with different, additional or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. Neither we nor any selling securityholder takes responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are not making an offer to sell these securities or soliciting any offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectus we authorize to be delivered to you is accurate only as of the date of that document or any other date set forth in that document. Additionally, any information we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus or in any applicable prospectus supplement is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference or other date set forth in that document, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects may have changed since that date. This prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and the information incorporated herein or therein by reference contains market data, industry statistics and other data that have been obtained or compiled from information made available by independent third parties. We have not independently verified the accuracy and completeness of such data. This prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and the information incorporated herein or therein by reference include trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience, we may refer to our trademarks included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectus without the TM or &reg; symbols, but any such references are not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, our rights to our trademarks or other intellectual property. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus are the property of their respective owners. When used in this prospectus, the terms &#147;Moderna,&#148; the &#147;Company,&#148; &#147;we,&#148; &#147;our&#148; and &#147;us&#148; refer to Moderna, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires. -i- Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of an automatic shelf registration statement that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, as a &#147;well-known seasoned issuer&#148; as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Under this shelf registration, we may sell the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings, and selling securityholders may offer such securities owned by them from time to time. This prospectus describes the general manner in which we or selling securityholders may offer the securities described in this prospectus. Each time we sell securities pursuant to the registration statement we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the offering and the securities offered, and may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. If there is any inconsistency between information in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in the most recent applicable prospectus supplement and documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. This prospectus may not be used to offer to sell, solicit an offer to buy or consummate a sale of our securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. This prospectus, together with any accompanying prospectus supplement, contains important information you should know before investing in our securities, including important information about us and the securities being offered. You should carefully read both documents, as well as the additional information contained in the documents described under the headings &#147;Where You Can Find More Information&#148; and &#147;Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference&#148; in both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, and in particular the annual, quarterly and current reports and other documents we file with the SEC. Neither this prospectus nor any accompanying prospectus supplement is an offer to sell these securities or is soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 1 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, and the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, contain express or implied forward-looking statements that are based on our management&#146;s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus include, but are not limited to, statements about the potential of mRNA technology, our anticipated financial and operating results and prospects, expectations for our product pipeline and development candidates, our capital allocation priorities, our business development activities, expectations regarding the impact of existing or new government regulations or laws or pending legal proceedings, the impact of global economic conditions and manufacturing activities and product supply. Forward-looking often contain words such as &#147;may,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; &#147;expects,&#148; &#147;intends,&#148; &#147;plans,&#148; &#147;anticipates,&#148; &#147;believes,&#148; &#147;estimates,&#148; &#147;predicts,&#148; &#147;potential,&#148; &#147;continue,&#148; or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the heading &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and elsewhere in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and in any other documents incorporated herein or therein (including in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings we make with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Any forward-looking statement in this prospectus reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, industry and future growth. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this prospectus. 2 Table of Contents ABOUT THE COMPANY The following highlights information about the Company and our business contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. It is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in any of our securities. You should carefully read this prospectus together with the more detailed information incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Overview Moderna is pioneering a new class of medicines made of messenger RNA, or mRNA. The potential advantages of using mRNA as a drug are significant and far-reaching and could meaningfully improve how medicines are discovered, developed, manufactured and administered. Since our founding in 2010, we have transformed from a research-stage company advancing programs in the field of mRNA to a commercial enterprise with a diverse clinical portfolio of vaccines and therapeutics across seven modalities, a broad intellectual property portfolio and integrated manufacturing capabilities that allow for rapid clinical and commercial production at scale. We have established relationships with government and commercial collaborators, which has allowed us to pursue both groundbreaking science and rapid scaling of our manufacturing capabilities. In 2020, mRNA technology emerged as a new class of medicines. Moderna&#146;s capabilities came together to secure the authorization and approval of one of the earliest and most-effective vaccines against the COVID-19 pandemic, progressing from vaccine design, through testing and to authorization and distribution in less than a year. Hundreds of millions of doses of our COVID-19 vaccines were distributed in each of 2021 and 2022, providing countries around the globe a key tool to combat the pandemic. In January 2022, our original COVID-19 vaccine, Spikevax &reg; , for individuals 18 years of age and older in the United States, received our first Biologics License Application (BLA) approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 22, 2016. We are the successor in interest to Moderna LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware in 2013. Moderna LLC was the successor in interest to Moderna Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 2009 as Newco LS18, Inc. by Flagship Pioneering. In August 2018, we changed our name from Moderna Therapeutics, Inc. to Moderna, Inc. Our principal corporate office is located at 200 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA 02139, and our telephone number is (617) 714-6500. Our website address is www.modernatx.com . We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to purchase our securities. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves certain risks. Before you invest in any of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants or units, in addition to the other information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus, you should carefully consider the risk factors contained in Item 1A under the caption &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which is incorporated into this prospectus by reference, as updated by our annual or quarterly reports for subsequent fiscal years or fiscal quarters that we file with the SEC and that are so incorporated. See &#147;Where You Can Find More Information&#148; for information about how to obtain a copy of these documents. You should also carefully consider the risks and other information that may be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, any prospectus supplement relating to specific offerings of securities. 4 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use any net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered under this prospectus for general corporate purposes unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. General corporate purposes may include research and development costs, share repurchases, potential strategic acquisitions or licensing of complementary businesses, services or technologies, expansion of our technology infrastructure and capabilities of our mRNA technology platform and repayment and refinancing of debt, working capital and capital expenditures. We may temporarily invest any net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation instruments, including investment grade, interest bearing instruments and U.S. government securities, until they are used for their stated purpose. We have not determined the amount of any net proceeds to be used specifically for such purposes. As a result, management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of any net proceeds. Unless set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement, we will not receive any proceeds in the event that securities are sold by a selling securityholder. 5 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following descriptions are summaries of the material terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and are qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We refer in this section to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as our certificate of incorporation, and we refer to our amended and restated bylaws as our bylaws. The terms of our common stock and preferred stock may also be affected by the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL. Authorized capital stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 162,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. As of March 31, 2023, 383,530,584 shares of our common stock were outstanding. Common stock The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. The shares to be issued by us in this offering will be, when issued and paid for, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred stock Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 162,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company or other corporate action. We have no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. Registration rights The holders of up to approximately 47 million shares of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of such securities under the Securities Act pursuant to the terms of our second amended and restated investors&#146; rights agreement, or the Investor Rights Agreement. The Investor Rights Agreement includes demand registration rights, short-form registration rights, and piggyback registration rights. All fees, costs and expenses of underwritten registrations under the Investor Rights Agreement will be borne by us and all selling expenses, including underwriting discounts and selling commissions, will be borne by the holders of the shares being registered. 6 Table of Contents Demand registration rights The holders of up to approximately 47 million shares of our common stock are entitled to demand registration rights. Under the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, we are required, upon the written request of a majority of holders of these securities that would result in an aggregate offering price of at least $5.0 million, to file a registration statement and to use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of all or a portion of these shares for public resale. We are required to effect only two registrations pursuant to this provision of the Investor Rights Agreement. Short-form registration rights The holders of up to approximately 47 million shares of our common stock are also entitled to short-form registration rights. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, upon the written request of 20% in interest of these holders to sell registrable securities at an aggregate price of at least $2.5 million, we will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to effect a registration of such shares. We are required to effect only two registrations in any twelve month period pursuant to this provision of the Investor Rights Agreement. Piggyback registration rights The holders of up to approximately 47 million shares of our common stock are entitled to piggyback registration rights. If we register any of our securities either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of these shares are entitled to include their shares in the registration. Subject to certain exceptions contained in the Investor Rights Agreement, we and the underwriters may limit the number of shares included in the underwritten offering to the number of shares which we and the underwriters determine in our sole discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering. Indemnification The Investor Rights Agreement contains customary cross-indemnification provisions, under which we are obligated to indemnify holders of registrable securities in the event of material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to us, and they are obligated to indemnify us for material misstatements or omissions attributable to them. Expiration of registration rights The demand registration rights and short-form registration rights granted under the Investor Rights Agreement will terminate on the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering. Anti-takeover effects of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware Law Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. Board composition and filling vacancies Our certificate of incorporation provides for the division of our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, with one class being elected each year. Our certificate of incorporation also provides 7 Table of Contents that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2 / 3 % or more of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board, may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. The classification of directors, together with the limitations on removal of directors and treatment of vacancies, has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors. No written consent of stockholders Our certificate of incorporation provides that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. Meetings of stockholders Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that only a majority of the members of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of stockholders and only those matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. Advance notice requirements Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders&#146; notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. Amendment to certificate of incorporation and bylaws Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation must first be approved by a majority of our board of directors, and if required by law or our certificate of incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, board composition, and limitation of liability must be approved by not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the bylaws; and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, voting together as a single class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to notice of stockholder business and nominations and special meetings must be approved by not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, or, if our board of directors recommends that the stockholders approve the amendment, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, in each case voting together as a single class. 8 Table of Contents Undesignated preferred stock Our certificate of incorporation provides for 162,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable our board of directors to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of our stockholders, our board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. Section 203 of the DGCL We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a &#147;business combination&#148; with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: &#149; before the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; &#149; upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or &#149; at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination to include: &#149; any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; &#149; any sale, transfer, lease, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; &#149; subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; &#149; subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and &#149; the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 9 Table of Contents Nasdaq Global Select Market listing Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol &#147;MRNA.&#148; Transfer agent and registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 10 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES This section describes the general terms and provisions of our debt securities that we may issue from time to time. We may issue debt securities, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any future debt securities we may offer under this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus will describe the specific terms of any debt securities offered through that prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. The terms of any debt securities we offer under a prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may differ from the terms we describe below. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the &#147;indentures,&#148; we also are referring to any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue any senior debt securities under the senior indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the senior indenture. We will issue any subordinated debt securities under the subordinated indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the subordinated indenture. We have filed forms of these documents as exhibits to the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The indentures will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act. We use the term &#147;trustee&#148; to refer to either the trustee under the senior indenture or the trustee under the subordinated indenture, as applicable. The following summaries of material provisions of the senior debt securities, the subordinated debt securities and the indentures are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus and any related free writing prospectuses related to the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete applicable indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. Except as we may otherwise indicate, the terms of the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are identical. General We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the terms of the series of debt securities being offered, including: &#149; the title; &#149; the principal amount being offered, and if a series, the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding; &#149; any limit on the amount that may be issued; &#149; whether or not we will issue the series of debt securities in global form, and, if so, the terms and who the depository will be; &#149; the maturity date; &#149; whether and under what circumstances, if any, we will pay additional amounts on any debt securities held by a person who is not a United States person for tax purposes, and whether we can redeem the debt securities if we have to pay such additional amounts; &#149; the annual interest rate, which may be fixed or variable, or the method for determining the rate and the date interest will begin to accrue, the dates interest will be payable and the regular record dates for interest payment dates or the method for determining such dates; 11 Table of Contents &#149; whether or not the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; &#149; the terms of the subordination of any series of subordinated debt; &#149; the place where payments will be payable; &#149; restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; &#149; our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; &#149; the date, if any, after which, the conditions upon which, and the price at which, we may, at our option, redeem the series of debt securities pursuant to any optional or provisional redemption provisions and the terms of those redemption provisions; &#149; the date, if any, on which, and the price at which we are obligated, pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions or otherwise, to redeem, or at the holder&#146;s option, to purchase, the series of debt securities and the currency or currency unit in which the debt securities are payable; &#149; whether the indenture will restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to: &#149; incur additional indebtedness; &#149; issue additional securities; &#149; create liens; &#149; pay dividends or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries; &#149; redeem capital stock; &#149; place restrictions on our subsidiaries&#146; ability to pay dividends, make distributions or transfer assets; &#149; make investments or other restricted payments; &#149; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; &#149; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; &#149; engage in transactions with stockholders or affiliates; &#149; issue or sell stock of our subsidiaries; or &#149; effect a consolidation or merger; &#149; whether the indenture will require us to maintain any interest coverage, fixed charge, cash flow-based, asset-based or other financial ratios; &#149; a discussion of certain material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the debt securities; &#149; information describing any book-entry features; &#149; provisions for a sinking fund purchase or other analogous fund, if any; &#149; the applicability of the provisions in the indenture on discharge; &#149; whether the debt securities are to be offered at a price such that they will be deemed to be offered at an &#147;original issue discount&#148; as defined in paragraph (a) of Section 1273 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; &#149; the denominations in which we will issue the series of debt securities, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; &#149; the currency of payment of debt securities if other than U.S. dollars and the manner of determining the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; and 12 Table of Contents &#149; any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, including any additional events of default or covenants provided with respect to the debt securities, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the debt securities. Conversion or exchange rights We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the terms on which a series of debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, our preferred stock or other securities (including securities of a third-party). We will include provisions as to whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or at our option. We may include provisions pursuant to which the number of shares of our common stock, our preferred stock or other securities (including securities of a third-party) that the holders of the series of debt securities receive would be subject to adjustment. Consolidation, merger or sale Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the indentures will not contain any covenant that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. However, any successor to or acquirer of such assets must assume all of our obligations under the indentures or the debt securities, as appropriate. If the debt securities are convertible into or exchangeable for other securities of ours or securities of other entities, the person with whom we consolidate or merge or to whom we sell all of our property must make provisions for the conversion of the debt securities into securities that the holders of the debt securities would have received if they had converted the debt securities before the consolidation, merger or sale. Events of default under the indenture Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the following are events of default under the indentures with respect to any series of debt securities that we may issue: &#149; if we fail to pay interest when due and payable and our failure continues for 90 days and the time for payment has not been extended; &#149; if we fail to pay the principal, premium or sinking fund payment, if any, when due and payable at maturity, upon redemption or repurchase or otherwise, and the time for payment has not been extended; &#149; if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant contained in the debt securities or the indentures, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of debt securities, and our failure continues for 90 days after we receive notice from the trustee or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series; and &#149; if specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. We will describe in each applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus any additional events of default relating to the relevant series of debt securities. If an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, other than an event of default specified in the last bullet point above, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, by notice to us in writing, and to the trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, due and payable immediately. If an event of default specified in the last bullet point above occurs with respect to us, the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, of each issue of debt securities then outstanding shall be due and payable without any notice or other action on the part of the trustee or any holder. 13 Table of Contents The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of an affected series may waive any default or event of default with respect to the series and its consequences, except defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance with the indenture. Any waiver shall cure the default or event of default. Subject to the terms of the indentures, if an event of default under an indenture shall occur and be continuing, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under such indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of debt securities, unless such holders have offered the trustee reasonable indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series, provided that: &#149; the direction so given by the holder is not in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; and &#149; subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. A holder of the debt securities of any series will have the right to institute a proceeding under the indentures or to appoint a receiver or trustee, or to seek other remedies if: &#149; the holder has given written notice to the trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series; &#149; the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and such holders have offered reasonable indemnity to the trustee or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense or to be incurred in compliance with instituting the proceeding as trustee; and &#149; the trustee does not institute the proceeding, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series other conflicting directions within 90 days after the notice, request and offer. These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of debt securities if we default in the payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities, or other defaults that may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified covenants in the indentures. Modification of indenture; waiver Subject to the terms of the indenture for any series of debt securities that we may issue, we and the trustee may change an indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to the following specific matters: &#149; to fix any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the indenture; &#149; to comply with the provisions described above under &#147;Description of Debt Securities-Consolidation, merger or sale&#148;; &#149; to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of any indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; &#149; to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the indenture; 14 Table of Contents &#149; to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided under &#147;Description of Debt Securities&#151;General,&#148; to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the indenture or any series of debt securities, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; &#149; to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor trustee; &#149; to provide for uncertificated debt securities and to make all appropriate changes for such purpose; &#149; to add to our covenants such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the benefit of the holders, to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default or to surrender any right or power conferred to us in the indenture; or &#149; to change anything that does not materially adversely affect the interests of any holder of debt securities of any series. In addition, under the indentures, the rights of holders of a series of debt securities may be changed by us and the trustee with the written consent of the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series that is affected. However, subject to the terms of the indenture for any series of debt securities that we may issue or as otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we and the trustee may make the following changes only with the consent of each holder of any outstanding debt securities affected: &#149; extending the stated maturity of the series of debt securities; &#149; reducing the principal amount, reducing the rate of or extending the time of payment of interest, or reducing any premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any debt securities; or &#149; reducing the percentage of debt securities, the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver. Discharge Each indenture provides that, subject to the terms of the indenture and any limitation otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we can elect to be discharged from our obligations with respect to one or more series of debt securities, except for specified obligations, including obligations to: &#149; register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series; &#149; replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series; &#149; maintain paying agencies; &#149; hold monies for payment in trust; &#149; recover excess money held by the trustee; &#149; compensate and indemnify the trustee; and &#149; appoint any successor trustee. In order to exercise our rights to be discharged, we must deposit with the trustee money or government obligations sufficient to pay all the principal of, any premium and interest on, the debt securities of the series on the dates payments are due. Form, exchange and transfer We will issue the debt securities of each series only in fully registered form without coupons and, unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, in denominations of $1,000 15 Table of Contents and any integral multiple thereof. The indentures provide that we may issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company or another depository named by us and identified in a prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus with respect to that series. At the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities described in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will make no service charge for any registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar, that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: &#149; issue, register the transfer of, or exchange any debt securities of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or &#149; register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. Information concerning the trustee The trustee, other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under an indenture, undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. Upon an event of default under an indenture, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision, the trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indentures at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might incur. Payment and paying agents Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, we will make payment of the interest on any debt securities on any interest payment date to the person in whose name the debt securities, or one or more predecessor securities, are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for the interest. We will pay principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities of a particular series at the office of the paying agents designated by us, except that unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus 16 Table of Contents supplement or free writing prospectus, we will make interest payments by check that we will mail to the holder or by wire transfer to certain holders. Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, we will designate the corporate trust office of the trustee as our sole paying agent for payments with respect to debt securities of each series. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus any other paying agents that we initially designate for the debt securities of a particular series. We will maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All money we pay to a paying agent or the trustee for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities that remains unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of the debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment thereof. Governing law The indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act is applicable. Ranking of debt securities The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in priority of payment to certain of our other indebtedness to the extent described in a prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. The subordinated indenture does not limit the amount of subordinated debt securities that we may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally in right of payment to all our other senior unsecured debt. The senior indenture does not limit the amount of senior debt securities that we may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. 17 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we indicate in the prospectus supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. General We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or together with common stock, preferred stock or debt securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from these securities. We will evidence each series of warrants by warrant certificates that we will issue under a separate warrant agreement. We will enter into the warrant agreement with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants, including: &#149; the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; &#149; the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; &#149; if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; &#149; if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; &#149; in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; &#149; in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; &#149; the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreement and the warrants; &#149; the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; &#149; any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; &#149; the periods during which, and places at which, the warrants are exercisable; &#149; the manner of exercise; &#149; the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; &#149; the manner in which the warrant agreement and warrants may be modified; &#149; federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; &#149; the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and &#149; any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. 18 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in any combination. We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section outlines certain provisions of the units that we may issue. If we issue units, they will be issued under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit agent. The information described in this section may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms of any series of units offered will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a particular supplement, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of terms presented below. We urge you to read any prospectus supplement related to any series of units we may offer, as well as the complete unit agreement and unit certificate that contain the terms of the units. If we issue units, forms of unit agreements and unit certificates relating to such units will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. Each unit that we may issue will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement may describe: &#149; the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; &#149; any provisions of the governing unit agreement; &#149; the price or prices at which such units will be issued; &#149; the applicable United States federal income tax considerations relating to the units; &#149; any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and &#149; any other terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this section, as well as those described under &#147;Description of Capital Stock,&#148; &#147;Description of Debt Securities&#148; and &#147;Description of Warrants&#148; will apply to the securities included in each unit, to the extent relevant and as may be updated in any prospectus supplements. Issuance in series We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section summarizes terms of the units that apply generally to all series. Most of the financial and other specific terms of a particular series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unit agreements We will issue the units under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit agent. We may add, replace or terminate unit agents from time to time. We will identify the unit agreement under which each series of units will be issued and the unit agent under that agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. 19 Table of Contents The following provisions will generally apply to all unit agreements unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement: Modification without consent We and the applicable unit agent may amend any unit or unit agreement without the consent of any holder: &#149; to cure any ambiguity; any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; &#149; to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision; or &#149; to make any other change that we believe is necessary or desirable and will not adversely affect the interests of the affected holders in any material respect. We do not need any approval to make changes that affect only units to be issued after the changes take effect. We may also make changes that do not adversely affect a particular unit in any material respect, even if they adversely affect other units in a material respect. In those cases, we do not need to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected unit; we need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected units. Modification with consent We may not amend any particular unit or a unit agreement with respect to any particular unit unless we obtain the consent of the holder of that unit, if the amendment would: &#149; impair any right of the holder to exercise or enforce any right under a security included in the unit if the terms of that security require the consent of the holder to any changes that would impair the exercise or enforcement of that right; or &#149; reduce the percentage of outstanding units or any series or class the consent of whose holders is required to amend that series or class, or the applicable unit agreement with respect to that series or class, as described below. Any other change to a particular unit agreement and the units issued under that agreement would require the following approval: &#149; if the change affects only the units of a particular series issued under that agreement, the change must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of that series; or &#149; if the change affects the units of more than one series issued under that agreement, it must be approved by the holders of a majority of all outstanding units of all series affected by the change, with the units of all the affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. These provisions regarding changes with majority approval also apply to changes affecting any securities issued under a unit agreement, as the governing document. In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. Unit agreements will not be qualified under Trust Indenture Act No unit agreement will be qualified as an indenture, and no unit agent will be required to qualify as a trustee, under the Trust Indenture Act. Therefore, holders of units issued under unit agreements will not have the protections of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to their units. Mergers and similar transactions permitted; no restrictive covenants or events of default The unit agreements will not restrict our ability to merge or consolidate with, or sell our assets to, another corporation or other entity or to engage in any other transactions. If at any time we merge or consolidate with, or 20 Table of Contents sell our assets substantially as an entirety to, another corporation or other entity, the successor entity will succeed to and assume our obligations under the unit agreements. We will then be relieved of any further obligation under these agreements. The unit agreements will not include any restrictions on our ability to put liens on our assets, nor will they restrict our ability to sell our assets. The unit agreements also will not provide for any events of default or remedies upon the occurrence of any events of default. Governing law The unit agreements and the units will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. Form, exchange and transfer We will issue each unit in global-i.e., book-entry-form only. Units in book-entry form will be represented by a global security registered in the name of a depositary, which will be the holder of all the units represented by the global security. Those who own beneficial interests in a unit will do so through participants in the depositary&#146;s system, and the rights of these indirect owners will be governed solely by the applicable procedures of the depositary and its participants. We will describe book-entry securities, and other terms regarding the issuance and registration of the units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit and all securities comprising the unit will be issued in the same form. If we issue any units in registered, non-global form, the following will apply to them. The units will be issued in the denominations stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Holders may exchange their units for units of smaller denominations or combined into fewer units of larger denominations, as long as the total amount is not changed. &#149; Holders may exchange or transfer their units at the office of the unit agent. Holders may also replace lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated units at that office. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. &#149; Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their units, but they may be required to pay for any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange, and any replacement, will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder&#146;s proof of legal ownership. The transfer agent may also require an indemnity before replacing any units. &#149; If we have the right to redeem, accelerate or settle any units before their maturity, and we exercise our right as to less than all those units or other securities, we may block the exchange or transfer of those units during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of exercise and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers of or exchange any unit selected for early settlement, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unsettled portion of any unit being partially settled. We may also block the transfer or exchange of any unit in this manner if the unit includes securities that are or may be selected for early settlement. Only the depositary will be entitled to transfer or exchange a unit in global form, since it will be the sole holder of the unit. Payments and notices In making payments and giving notices with respect to our units, we will follow the procedures as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 21 Table of Contents SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS Selling securityholders are persons or entities that, directly or indirectly, have acquired or will from time to time acquire from us, our securities in various private transactions. Such selling securityholders may be parties to a registration rights agreement with us, or we otherwise may have agreed or will agree to register their securities for resale. The initial purchasers of our securities, as well as their transferees, pledgees, donees or successors, all of whom we refer to as &#147;selling securityholders,&#148; may from time to time offer and sell the securities pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the name of each selling securityholder and the number of and type of securities beneficially owned by such selling securityholder that are covered by such prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement also will disclose whether any of the selling securityholders have held any position or office with, have been employed by or otherwise have had a material relationship with us during the three years prior to the date of the prospectus supplement. 22 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We or any selling securityholder may offer and sell any combination of the offered securities in and outside the United States in one or more transactions (1) through underwriters or dealers, (2) directly to one or more purchasers, including to a limited number of institutional purchasers, to a single purchaser or to our affiliates and stockholders, (3) through agents or (4) through a combination of any of these methods. If underwriters or dealers are used in the sale, the securities will be acquired by the underwriters or dealers for their own account and may be resold from time to time in one or more transactions, including: &#149; in one or more transactions at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed from time to time; &#149; in &#147;at-the-market offerings,&#148; within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act, to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market, on an exchange or otherwise; &#149; through a market maker or into an existing trading market on an exchange or otherwise; &#149; at prices related to those prevailing market prices; or &#149; at negotiated prices. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the following information to the extent applicable: &#149; the terms of the offering; &#149; the names of any underwriters, dealers or agents; &#149; the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; &#149; the purchase price of the securities; &#149; the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; &#149; any delayed delivery arrangements; &#149; any underwriting discounts, commissions and other items constituting underwriters&#146; compensation; &#149; any public offering price; &#149; any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; &#149; the name of any selling securityholder and the number of and type of securities beneficially owned by such selling securityholder; and &#149; any commissions paid to agents. Sale through underwriters or dealers If any securities are offered through underwriters, the underwriters will acquire the securities for their own account and may resell them from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. Underwriters may offer and sell securities to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly by one or more firms acting as underwriters. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the offered securities if they purchase any of them. In connection with the sale of securities, underwriters may be deemed to have received compensation from us in the form of underwriting discounts or commissions and may sell securities to or through dealers, and the dealers may receive compensation from the underwriters in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the 23 Table of Contents underwriters or commissions from the purchasers for whom they may act as agent. The underwriters may change from time to time any public offering price and any discounts, concessions or commissions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. In order to facilitate the offering of securities, the underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities or any other securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on such securities. Specifically, the underwriters may overallot in connection with the offering, creating a short position in the securities for their account. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the price of the securities, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, securities in the open market or effect syndicate covering transactions. Finally, an underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions, or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities above independent market levels. The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities, and may discontinue any of these activities at any time. Some or all of the securities that we offer through this prospectus may be new issues of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriters to whom we sell securities for public offering and sale may make a market in those securities, but they will not be obligated to do so and they may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of, or continued trading markets for, any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus. If any securities are offered through dealers, we or any selling securityholder may sell the securities to them as principals. They may then resell those securities to the public at varying prices determined by the dealers at the time of resale. Direct sales and sales through agents We or any selling securityholder may sell the securities directly to one or more purchasers. In that event, no underwriters or agents may be involved. If the securities are sold directly to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any sale of those securities, we will describe the terms of any such sales in the applicable prospectus supplement. We or any selling securityholder may also sell the securities through one or more agents designated from time to time. Sales may be made by means of ordinary brokers&#146; transactions on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at market prices, in block transactions and such other transactions as agreed by us and any agent. In the applicable prospectus supplement, we will name any agent involved in the offer or sale of the offered securities, and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, any agent will agree to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period of its appointment. At-the-market offerings To the extent that we or any selling securityholder make sales through one or more underwriters or agents in at-the-market offerings, we will do so pursuant to the terms of a sales agency financing agreement or other at-the-market offering arrangement between us, on one hand, and the underwriters or agents, on the other. If we engage in at-the-market sales pursuant to any such agreement, we will issue and sell our securities through one or more underwriters or agents, which may act on an agency basis or a principal basis. During the term of any such agreement, we may sell securities on a daily basis in exchange transactions or otherwise as we agree with the underwriters or agents. Any such agreement will provide that any securities sold will be sold at prices related to the then prevailing market prices for our securities. Therefore, exact figures regarding proceeds that will be raised or commissions to be paid cannot be determined at this time. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we may agree to sell, and the relevant underwriters or agents may agree to solicit offers to purchase blocks of our common stock or other securities. The terms of any such agreement will be set forth in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. 24 Table of Contents Remarketing arrangements Offered securities may also be offered and sold, if we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon their purchase, in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more remarketing firms, acting as principals for their own accounts or as our agents. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the terms of its agreements, if any, with us and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Remarketing firms may be deemed to be underwriters of the offered securities under the Securities Act. Delayed delivery contracts If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we or any selling securityholder may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase securities from us pursuant to contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified future date. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the conditions to those contracts and the commission payable for solicitation of those contracts. General information We or any selling securityholder may have agreements with the agents, dealers, underwriters and remarketing firms to indemnify them against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute with respect to payments that the agents, dealers or underwriters may be required to make. Agents, dealers, underwriters and remarketing firms may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of their businesses. Each underwriter, dealer and agent participating in the distribution of any of the securities that are issuable in bearer form will agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, securities in bearer form in the United States or to United States persons, other than qualifying financial institutions, during the restricted period, as defined in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7). 25 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Goodwin Procter LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. Any underwriters will also be advised about the validity of the securities and other legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in the prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Moderna, Inc. appearing in Moderna, Inc.&#146;s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the effectiveness of Moderna, Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their reports thereon included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements are, and audited financial statements to be included in subsequently filed documents will be, incorporated herein in reliance upon the reports of Ernst & Young LLP pertaining to such financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the respective dates (to the extent covered by consents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities offered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. This prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement do not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and its exhibits and schedules in accordance with SEC rules and regulations. For further information with respect to us and the securities being offered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, you should read the registration statement, including its exhibits and schedules. Statements contained in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including documents that we have incorporated by reference, as to the contents of any contract or other document referred to are not necessarily complete, and, with respect to any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or any other such document, each such statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the corresponding exhibit. You should review the complete contract or other document to evaluate these statements. You may obtain copies of the registration statement and its exhibits via the SEC&#146;s EDGAR database or our website. We make available free of charge on or through our website (www.modernatx.com) certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports. Our website and the information contained or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement, and you should not consider it part of this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. 26 Table of Contents INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE SEC rules permit us to incorporate information by reference in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, except for information superseded by information contained in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement itself or in any subsequently filed incorporated document. This prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC, other than information in such documents that is deemed to be furnished and not filed. These documents contain important information about us and our business and financial condition. &#149; Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023; &#149; Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2023; &#149; The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on March 15, 2023; and &#149; The description of our capital stock contained in Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, which was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2020, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description. All documents that we file (but not those that we furnish) pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this prospectus and prior to the termination of the offering of any of the securities covered under this prospectus shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and will automatically update and supersede the information in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any previously filed documents. Any statement contained herein or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus and such applicable prospectus supplement to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or such applicable prospectus supplement, or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus and such applicable prospectus supplement, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus or such applicable prospectus supplement. Documents incorporated by reference are available from us without charge, excluding all exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. Prospective investors may obtain documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement at no cost by requesting them in writing or by telephone from us at our executive offices at: Moderna, Inc. 200 Technology Square Cambridge, MA 02139 (617) 714-6500 Attention: Corporate Secretary 27 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other expenses of issuance and distribution Set forth below is an estimate (except in the case of the registration fee) of the amount of fees and expenses to be incurred in connection with the issuance and distribution of the offered securities, other than underwriting discounts and commissions. SEC Registration fee $ (1 ) Legal fees and expenses * Accounting fees and expenses * Printing expenses * Transfer agent and registrar fees * Trustee fees (including counsel fees) * Miscellaneous * Total (2 )* * Since an indeterminate amount or number of securities or transactions may be covered by this registration statement, expenses of issuance and distribution of the securities are not currently determinable. (1) Pursuant to Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, the registrant is deferring payment of the filing fees relating to the securities that are registered and available for sale under this registration statement. (2) This Registration Statement relates to an unspecified aggregate initial offering price or number of the securities of each class identified in the fee table in Exhibit 107 to this Registration Statement. Because these aggregate amounts are not known, the estimates provided above relate to the expenses of filing this Registration Statement. This expense estimate will appear with respect to each particular offering of securities in the 424(b) filing relating to such securities. Item 15. Indemnification of directors and officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, authorizes a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities arising out of actions, suits and proceedings to which they are made or threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that they have served or are currently serving as a director or officer to a corporation. The indemnity may cover expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding. Section 145 permits corporations to pay expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees) incurred by directors and officers in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding. In addition, Section 145 provides that a corporation has the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of its directors and officers against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in their capacity as a director or officer, or arising out of their status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify the director or officer against such liability under Section 145. We have adopted provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that limit or eliminate the personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. Consequently, a director will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages or breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: &#149; any breach of the director&#146;s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; &#149; any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; II-1 Table of Contents &#149; any unlawful payments related to dividends or unlawful stock purchases, redemptions or other distributions; or &#149; any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. These limitations of liability do not alter director liability under the federal securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission. In addition, our bylaws provide that: &#149; we will indemnify our directors, officers and, in the discretion of our board of directors, certain employees to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists or may in the future be amended; and &#149; we will advance reasonable expenses, including attorneys&#146; fees, to our directors and, in the discretion of our board of directors, to our officers and certain employees, in connection with legal proceedings relating to their service for or on behalf of us, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our executive officers. These agreements provide that we will indemnify each of our directors, certain of our executive officers and, at times, their affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We will advance expenses, including attorneys&#146; fees (but excluding judgments, fines and settlement amounts), to each indemnified director, executive officer or affiliate in connection with any proceeding in which indemnification is available and we will indemnify our directors and officers for any action or proceeding arising out of that person&#146;s services as a director or officer brought on behalf of us or in furtherance of our rights. Additionally, certain of our directors or officers may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance provided by their affiliates or other third parties, which indemnification relates to and might apply to the same proceedings arising out of such director&#146;s or officer&#146;s services as a director referenced herein. Nonetheless, we have agreed in the indemnification agreements that our obligations to those same directors or officers are primary and any obligation of such affiliates or other third parties to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the expenses or liabilities incurred by those directors are secondary. We also maintain general liability insurance which covers certain liabilities of our directors and officers arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Any underwriting agreements that we may enter into will likely provide for the indemnification of us, our controlling persons, our directors and certain of our officers by the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 1.1* Form(s) of underwriting agreement(s). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2018). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2018). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 9, 2018). II-2 Table of Contents 4.2 Second Amended and Restated Investors&#146; Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated May 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 9, 2018). 4.3 Form of indenture for senior debt securities and the related form of senior debt security. 4.4 Form of indenture for subordinated debt securities and the related form of subordinated debt security. 4.5* Form of Certificate of Designations. 4.6* Form of Warrant Agreement. 4.7* Form of Unit Certificate. 4.8* Form of Preferred Stock Certificate. 5.1 Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP. 23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 23.2 Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto). 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in the signature pages to this registration statement). 25.1&#134; Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. 25.2&#134; Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. 107 Filing Fee Table * To be filed by amendment or as exhibit(s) to a Current Report of the Registrant on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference, as applicable. &#134; To be filed pursuant to Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as applicable. Item 17 . Undertakings (a) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in this registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the &#147;Calculation of Registration Fee&#148; table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement or any material change to such information in this registration statement; II-3 Table of Contents provided, however, that subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered herein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the Registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned Registrant undertake that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant will be sellers to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned Registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned Registrant or their securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser. II-4 Table of Contents (6) That, for the purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the annual reports of the Registrant pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement, if any, shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered herein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue; (8) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under sub section (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission under section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on the 5th day of May, 2023. MODERNA, INC. By: /s/ St&eacute;phane Bancel St&eacute;phane Bancel Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES Each individual whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of St&eacute;phane Bancel and James M. Mock and as such person&#146;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person in such person&#146;s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission granting unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent, or any substitute or substitutes of any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement and Power of Attorney has been signed by the following person in the capacities and on the date indicated. Name Title Date /s/ St&eacute;phane Bancel St&eacute;phane Bancel Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) May 5, 2023 /s/ James M. Mock James M. Mock Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) May 5, 2023 /s/ Noubar B. Afeyan Noubar B. Afeyan, Ph.D. Chairman and Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Stephen Berenson Stephen Berenson Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Sandra Horning, M.D. Sandra Horning, M.D. Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Robert Langer Robert Langer, Sc.D. Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Fran&ccedil;ois Nader Fran&ccedil;ois Nader, M.D. Director May 5, 2023 Table of Contents Name Title Date /s/ Elizabeth Nabel, M.D. Elizabeth Nabel, M.D. Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Paul Sagan Paul Sagan Director May 5, 2023 /s/ Elizabeth Tallett Elizabeth Tallett Director May 5, 2023