S-3ASR 1 forms-arsmay2025.htm S-3ASR Document As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2025 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 NVIDIA CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 94-3177549 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2788 San Tomas Expressway Santa Clara, California 95051 (408) 486-2000 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) Timothy S. Teter Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary NVIDIA Corporation 2788 San Tomas Expressway Santa Clara, California 95051 (408) 486-2000 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copy to&#58; John T. McKenna Milson C. Yu Sarah K. Sellers Cooley LLP 3175 Hanover Street Palo Alto, California 94304 (650) 843-5000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public &#58; From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. &#9744; If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. &#9746; If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#9744; If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#9744; If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#9746; If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer &#9746; Accelerated filer &#9744; Non-accelerated filer &#9744; Smaller reporting company &#9744; Emerging growth company &#9744; If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. &#9744; The registrant is filing this registration statement to replace its registration statement (No. 333-270119) (the "2023 Registration Statement"), and, pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6), the effectiveness of this registration statement will be deemed to terminate the 2023 Registration Statement. PROSPECTUS NVIDIA CORPORATION COMMON STOCK PREFERRED STOCK DEPOSITARY SHARES DEBT SECURITIES WARRANTS STOCK PURCHASE CONTRACTS STOCK PURCHASE UNITS We may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more offerings, in amounts, at prices, and on terms determined at the time of any such offering, (1) shares of our common stock, (2) shares of our preferred stock, which we may issue in one or more series, (3) depositary shares representing preferred stock, (4) debt securities, which may be senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities, (5) warrants, (6) stock purchase contracts or (7) stock purchase units. We may offer and sell these securities to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, on a continuous or delayed basis. This prospectus describes some of the general terms that may apply to these securities and the general manner in which they may be offered. The specific terms of any securities to be offered, and the specific manner in which they may be offered, will be described in a supplement to this prospectus. You should read this prospectus and each applicable prospectus supplement carefully before you invest. This prospectus may not be used to sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "NVDA." The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to other listings, if any, on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or other securities exchange of the securities covered by the prospectus supplement. We urge you to read carefully this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement, which will describe the specific terms of the securities being offered to you, before you make your investment decision. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under " Risk Factors " in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS OR THE ACCOMPANYING PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. This prospectus may not be used to sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. The date of this prospectus is May 28, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 2 RISK FACTORS 3 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4 NVIDIA CORPORATION 5 USE OF PROCEEDS 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 7 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 11 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES 20 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 21 LEGAL MATTERS 23 EXPERTS 23 i Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to "NVIDIA," "the company," "we," "ours," "us" or similar terms refer to NVIDIA Corporation, together with its subsidiaries. ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a "shelf" registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission" or "SEC"). By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell, from time to time, in one or more offerings, any combination of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering. The accompanying prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. References to the "applicable prospectus supplement" are to the prospectus supplement to this prospectus that describes the specific terms and conditions of the applicable security. You should read both this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement together with additional information described under the heading "Where You Can Find More Information." We may include agreements as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In reviewing such agreements, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and&#58; &#8226; should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate&#59; &#8226; may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures would not necessarily be reflected in the agreement&#59; &#8226; may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors&#59; and &#8226; were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about us may be found elsewhere in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC's website at http&#58;&#47;&#47;www.sec.gov. We have not authorized any other person, including any dealer, salesperson or other individual, to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference is accurate only as of their respective dates. 1 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements, and other information concerning us can be read on the Internet at the SEC's website http&#58;&#47;&#47;www.sec.gov. This prospectus is part of a registration statement filed with the SEC by us. The full registration statement can be obtained from the SEC as indicated above, or from us. The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" the information we file with the SEC. This permits us to disclose important information to you by referring to these filed documents. Any information referred to in this way is considered part of this prospectus, and any information filed with the SEC by us after the date of this prospectus will automatically be deemed to update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the following documents that have been filed with the SEC (other than information in such documents that is not deemed to be filed)&#58; &#8226; Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025&#59; &#8226; the description of securities contained in Exhibit 4.6 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025, including any amendments thereto or reports filed for the purposes of updating this description&#59; &#8226; portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025&#59; &#8226; Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 27, 2025&#59; and &#8226; Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2025 and April 15, 2025 . We also incorporate by reference any future filings (other than information in such documents that is not deemed to be filed) made with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), until we file a post-effective amendment which indicates the termination of the offering of the securities made by this prospectus. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located at investor.nvidia.com. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is www.nvidia.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. We will provide to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request and at no cost to such person, a copy of any or all of the information that has been incorporated by reference in this prospectus but not delivered with this prospectus. You may request a copy of such information by writing or telephoning us at&#58; NVIDIA Corporation 32788 San Tomas Expressway Santa Clara, California 95051 Attn&#58; Corporate Secretary Tel&#58; (408) 486-2000 2 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and discussed under the section titled "Risk Factors" contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be updated by our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings we make with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with a specific offering. The risks described in these documents are not the only ones we face, but those that we consider to be material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be seriously harmed. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Please also read carefully the section below titled "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." 3 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "goal," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "project," "predict," "potential" and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in any prospectus supplement related hereto and in any free writing prospectuses we have authorized for use in connection with a specific offering in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors." Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of the document containing the applicable statement. You should read this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date such statements were made, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 4 NVIDIA CORPORATION We pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a full-stack computing infrastructure company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry. Our principal executive offices are located at 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, and our telephone number is (408) 486-2000. 5 USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from the sale of securities by us as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our capital stock, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions of Delaware law is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"). Copies of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws have been filed with the SEC and are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Our authorized capital stock consists of 80,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value. As of April&#8239;27, 2025, there were 24,387,557,065 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, and as a consequence, minority stockholders are not able to elect directors on the basis of their votes alone. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any shares of preferred stock currently outstanding or issued in the future, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. Preferred Stock Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series. The particular terms of any series of preferred stock will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. Those terms may include&#58; &#8226; the title and stated value&#59; &#8226; the number of shares we are offering&#59; &#8226; the liquidation preference per share&#59; &#8226; the purchase price&#59; &#8226; the dividend rate, period and payment date and method of calculation for dividends&#59; &#8226; whether dividends will be cumulative or non-cumulative and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate&#59; &#8226; the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any&#59; &#8226; the provisions for a sinking fund, if any&#59; &#8226; the provisions for redemption or repurchase, if applicable, and any restrictions on our ability to exercise those redemption and repurchase rights&#59; &#8226; any listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or market&#59; &#8226; whether the preferred stock will be convertible into our common stock, and, if applicable, the conversion price, or how it will be calculated, and the conversion period&#59; &#8226; whether the preferred stock will be exchangeable into debt securities, and, if applicable, the exchange price, or how it will be calculated, and the exchange period&#59; 7 &#8226; voting rights, if any, of the preferred stock&#59; &#8226; preemption rights, if any&#59; &#8226; restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any&#59; &#8226; whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares&#59; &#8226; a discussion of any material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock&#59; &#8226; the relative ranking and preferences of the preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs&#59; &#8226; any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our affairs&#59; and &#8226; any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the preferred stock. The DGCL provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class on any proposal involving fundamental changes in the rights of holders of that preferred stock. This right is in addition to any voting rights that may be provided for in the applicable certificate of designation. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power, conversion or other rights of holders of common stock. Preferred stock could be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock. Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Stockholders have no cumulative voting rights. Our certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our bylaws or adopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66 2&#47;3% of the outstanding voting securities in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation required by law or by our certificate of incorporation. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called by&#58; &#8226; our Chairman, if any&#59; &#8226; our Chief Executive Officer&#59; &#8226; a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors&#59; or &#8226; stockholders of record "owning" (as defined in the Bylaws) at least 15% of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company who have owned such shares continuously for at least one year, provided that the stockholders satisfy the disclosure, timing and other requirements intended to ensure that stockholders receive adequate, timely and accurate information in connection with a special meeting and avoid the unnecessary use of resources that would result from holding multiple stockholder meetings in a short time period. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition 8 of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of directors and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The provisions are also intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, such provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. Section 203 of the DGCL We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with any "interested stockholder" for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an "interested stockholder," unless&#58; &#8226; prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder&#59; &#8226; upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding those shares owned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer&#59; or &#8226; at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2&#47;3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines "business combination" to include the following&#58; &#8226; any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder&#59; &#8226; any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder&#59; &#8226; subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder&#59; &#8226; any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder&#59; or &#8226; the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines "interested stockholder" as an entity or person who beneficially owns (or within three years did own) 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with, controlling, controlled by or is under common control with such entity or person. Certain Transactions Our bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and any other applicable law. We are also empowered under our bylaws to indemnify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, to enter into indemnification contracts with our directors and executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom we are required or permitted to indemnify. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liability of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permissible under the DGCL. Pursuant to the DGCL, our directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the directors' fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders. However, this provision does not eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief that will remain available under the DGCL. In addition, each director will continue to be subject to liability for (1) breach of the director's duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any 9 transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The provision also does not affect a director's responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. Transfer Agent and Registrar Computershare is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare's address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. Listing Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "NVDA." 10 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following description briefly sets forth certain general terms and provisions of the debt securities. The particular terms of the debt securities offered by any prospectus supplement and the extent, if any, to which the following general terms and provisions may apply to the debt securities, will be described in an accompanying prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise specified in an accompanying prospectus supplement, our debt securities will be issued in one or more series under an indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, between us and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. The indenture is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The terms of the debt securities will include those set forth in the indenture and those made a part of the indenture by the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. You should read the summary below, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the provisions of the indenture in their entirety before investing in our debt securities. All capitalized terms have the meanings specified in the indenture. For purposes of this section of this prospectus, references to "we," "us" and "our" are to NVIDIA Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. General We may issue, from time to time, debt securities, in one or more series, that will consist of either senior debt ("Senior Debt Securities"), senior subordinated debt ("Senior Subordinated Debt Securities"), subordinated debt ("Subordinated Debt Securities") or junior subordinated debt ("Junior Subordinated Debt Securities" and, together with the Senior Subordinated Debt Securities and the Subordinated Debt Securities, the "Subordinated Securities"). Debt securities, whether senior, senior subordinated, subordinated or junior subordinated, may be issued as convertible debt securities or exchangeable debt securities. The indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue. We may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities of the series (except for any differences in the issue price and, if applicable, the initial interest accrual date and interest payment date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold&#59; provided that if the additional debt securities are not fungible with the debt securities of the series previously offered or sold for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional debt securities will have a separate CUSIP or other identifying number. The indenture provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount that we may authorize and may be in any currency or currency unit designated by us. Except for the limitations on consolidation, merger and sale of all or substantially all of our assets contained in the indenture, the terms of the indenture do not contain any covenants or other provisions designed to afford holders of any debt securities protection with respect to our operations, financial condition or transactions involving us. We may issue the debt securities issued under the indenture as "discount securities," which means they may be sold at a discount below their stated principal amount. These debt securities, as well as other debt securities that are not issued at a discount, may, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, be treated as if they were issued with "original issue discount," because of interest payment and other characteristics. Special U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to debt securities issued with original issue discount will be described in more detail in any applicable prospectus supplement. Provisions of the Indenture The applicable prospectus supplement for a series of debt securities that we issue will describe, among other things, the following terms of the offered debt securities&#58; &#8226; the title and series designation&#59; &#8226; any limit on the aggregate principal amount of debt securities of such series&#59; &#8226; if other than U.S. dollars, the foreign currency or foreign currencies in which the debt securities are denominated&#59; &#8226; the price or prices at which the debt securities will be issued&#59; &#8226; the date or dates on which principal is payable or the method of determination thereof&#59; 11 &#8226; the place or places where and the manner in which principal, premium or interest will be payable and the place or places where the debt securities may be presented for transfer and, if applicable, conversion or exchange&#59; &#8226; interest rates, and the dates from which interest, if any, will accrue, and the dates when interest is payable&#59; &#8226; the terms and conditions of any deferral of interest and the additional interest, if any, thereon, and the right, if any, to extend the interest payment periods and the duration of the extensions&#59; &#8226; the dates on which a record shall be taken for the determination of holders to whom interest is payable and&#47;or the method by which such interest rates shall be determined&#59; &#8226; our right, if any, to redeem the debt securities, in whole or in part, at our option and the period or periods within which, or the date or dates on which, the price or prices at which and any terms and conditions upon which the debt securities may be so redeemed, pursuant to any sinking fund or otherwise&#59; &#8226; our obligations, if any, to redeem, purchase or repay the debt securities pursuant to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of the holder thereof, and the price or prices at which and the period or periods within which or the date or dates on which, and any terms and conditions upon which the debt securities shall be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation&#59; &#8226; conversion or exchange provisions, if any, including conversion or exchange prices or rates and adjustments thereto&#59; &#8226; if other than the coin, currency or currencies in which the debt securities are denominated, the coin, currency or currencies of payment of principal or interest&#59; &#8226; if the principal of or interest on the debt securities are to be payable, at the election of us or a holder thereof, in a coin or currency other than that in which the debt securities are denominated, the period or periods within which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such election may be made&#59; &#8226; the terms applicable to any debt securities issued at a discount from their stated principal amount&#59; &#8226; the terms, if any, pursuant to which any debt securities will be subordinate to any of our other debt&#59; &#8226; if other than denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which the debt securities shall be issuable&#59; &#8226; if the amount of payments of principal or interest is to be determined by reference to an index or formula, or based on a coin or currency other than that in which the debt securities are stated to be payable, the manner in which these amounts are determined and the calculation agent, if any, with respect thereto&#59; &#8226; if other than the entire principal amount of the debt securities when issued, the portion of the principal amount payable upon acceleration of maturity as a result of an Event of Default&#59; &#8226; whether and under what circumstances we will pay additional amounts on the debt securities held by a person who is not a U.S. person in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge withheld or deducted and, if so, whether we will have the option to redeem the debt securities rather than pay such additional amounts&#59; &#8226; if the debt securities are to be issuable in definitive form only upon receipt of certain certificates or other documents or satisfaction of other conditions, the form and terms of such certificates, documents or conditions&#59; &#8226; any trustees, depositaries, authenticating or paying agents, transfer agents or registrars of any other agents with respect to the debt securities&#59; &#8226; any deletion from, modification of or addition to the Events of Default or covenants with respect to the debt securities&#59; and &#8226; any other terms of the debt securities. 12 The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations for holders of any debt securities and the securities exchange or quotation system on which any debt securities are listed or quoted, if any. Debt securities issued by us will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries, except to the extent any such subsidiary guarantees or is otherwise obligated to make payment on such debt securities. Senior Debt Securities Payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, Senior Debt Securities will rank on a parity with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. Senior Subordinated Debt Securities Payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, Senior Subordinated Debt Securities will be junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our unsubordinated debt. We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to any Senior Subordinated Debt Securities the subordination terms of such securities as well as the aggregate amount of outstanding debt, as of the most recent practicable date, that by its terms would be senior to the Senior Subordinated Debt Securities. We will also set forth in such prospectus supplement limitations, if any, on issuance of additional debt ranking senior to the Senior Subordinated Debt Securities. Subordinated Debt Securities Payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, Subordinated Debt Securities will be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our unsubordinated and senior subordinated debt. We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to any Subordinated Debt Securities the subordination terms of such securities as well as the aggregate amount of outstanding indebtedness, as of the most recent practicable date, that by its terms would be senior to the Subordinated Debt Securities. We will also set forth in such prospectus supplement limitations, if any, on issuance of additional debt ranking senior to the Subordinated Debt Securities. Junior Subordinated Debt Securities Payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, Junior Subordinated Debt Securities will be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all of our unsubordinated, senior subordinated and subordinated debt. We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to any Junior Subordinated Debt Securities the subordination terms of such securities as well as the aggregate amount of outstanding debt, as of the most recent practicable date, that by its terms would be senior to the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities. We will also set forth in such prospectus supplement limitations, if any, on issuance of additional debt ranking senior to the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities. Conversion or Exchange Rights Debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for other securities or property of us. The terms and conditions of conversion or exchange will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms will include, among others, the following&#58; &#8226; the conversion or exchange price&#59; &#8226; the conversion or exchange period&#59; &#8226; provisions regarding the ability of us or the holder to convert or exchange the debt securities&#59; &#8226; events requiring adjustment to the conversion or exchange price&#59; and &#8226; provisions affecting conversion or exchange in the event of our redemption of the debt securities. Consolidation, Merger or Sale We cannot consolidate with or merge into any other person, or transfer or lease our properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any person and we shall not permit any other person to consolidate with or merge into us, unless (a) either we shall be the continuing corporation or (b) the successor corporation or person (if other than us) formed by such consolidation or into which we are merged or to which our properties and assets substantially as an entirety are transferred or leased is a person organized or formed under the 13 laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia and, if such entity is not a corporation, a co-obligor of the debt securities is a corporation organized or existing under any such laws, and such successor corporation or person, including such co-obligor, if any, shall expressly assume all our obligations under the debt securities and the indenture. In addition, we cannot effect such a transaction unless immediately after giving effect to such transaction and treating any indebtedness which becomes our obligation or an obligation of our subsidiary as a result of such transaction as having been incurred by us or such subsidiary at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default or event, which after notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. Events of Default Unless otherwise indicated, the term "Event of Default," when used in the indenture with respect to the debt securities of any series, means any of the following&#58; &#8226; failure to pay interest for 30 days after the date payment on any debt security of such series is due and payable&#59; provided that an extension of an interest payment period by us in accordance with the terms of the debt securities shall not constitute a failure to pay interest&#59; &#8226; failure to pay principal or premium, if any, on any debt security of such series when due, either at maturity, upon any redemption, by declaration or otherwise&#59; &#8226; failure to perform any other covenant or agreement in the indenture or the debt securities of such series for 90 days after written notice that performance was required, which notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series&#59; &#8226; certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of us&#59; or &#8226; any other Event of Default provided in the applicable resolution of our board of directors or the officers' certificate or supplemental indenture under which we issue such series of debt securities. An Event of Default for a particular series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the indenture. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default relating to events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of us) involving any series of debt securities has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of each affected series then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the debt securities of such affected series, and the interest accrued thereon, if any, to be due and payable immediately. The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of an affected series may, after satisfying conditions, rescind and annul any of the above-described declarations and consequences involving such series. If an Event of Default relating to events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of us occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of all of the debt securities outstanding, and the interest accrued thereon, if any, will automatically become due and payable immediately, without any declaration or other act by the trustee or any holder. The indenture imposes limitations on suits brought by holders of debt securities against us with respect to an Event of Default. Except as provided below, no holder of debt securities of any series may institute any action against us under the indenture unless&#58; &#8226; an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and such holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of such continuing Event of Default&#59; &#8226; the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the affected series have requested that the trustee institute the action or proceeding in respect of such Event of Default&#59; &#8226; the requesting holders have offered the trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it for the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by bringing the action&#59; &#8226; the trustee has not instituted the action within 60 days of the request&#59; and &#8226; the trustee has not received inconsistent direction by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the affected series. 14 Notwithstanding the foregoing, each holder of debt securities of any series has the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of, and premium and interest, if any, on, such debt securities when due and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights may not be impaired without the consent of that holder of debt securities. We will be required to file annually with the trustee a certificate, signed by one of our officers, stating whether or not the officer knows of any default by us in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any condition or covenant of the indenture. Registered Global Securities We may issue the debt securities of a series in whole or in part in the form of one or more fully registered global securities that we will deposit with a depositary or with a nominee for a depositary identified in the applicable prospectus supplement and registered in the name of such depositary or nominee. In such case, we will issue one or more registered global securities denominated in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of all of the debt securities of the series to be issued and represented by such registered global security or securities. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for debt securities in definitive registered form, a registered global security may not be transferred except as a whole&#58; &#8226; by the depositary for such registered global security to its nominee, &#8226; by a nominee of the depositary to the depositary or another nominee of the depositary, or &#8226; by the depositary or its nominee to a successor of the depositary or a nominee of the successor. The prospectus supplement relating to a series of debt securities will describe the specific terms of the depositary arrangement with respect to any portion of such series represented by a registered global security. We currently anticipate that the following provisions will apply to all depositary arrangements for debt securities&#58; &#8226; ownership of beneficial interests in a registered global security will be limited to persons that have accounts with the depositary for the registered global security, those persons being referred to as "participants," or persons that may hold interests through participants&#59; &#8226; upon the issuance of a registered global security, the depositary for the registered global security will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the participants' accounts with the respective principal amounts of the debt securities represented by the registered global security beneficially owned by the participants&#59; &#8226; any dealers, underwriters, or agents participating in the distribution of the debt securities will designate the accounts to be credited&#59; and &#8226; ownership of any beneficial interest in the registered global security will be shown on, and the transfer of any ownership interest will be effected only through, records maintained by the depositary for the registered global security (with respect to interests of participants) and on the records of participants (with respect to interests of persons holding through participants). The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of the securities in definitive form. These laws may limit the ability of those persons to own, transfer or pledge beneficial interests in registered global securities. So long as the depositary for a registered global security, or its nominee, is the registered owner of the registered global security, the depositary or the nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the debt securities represented by the registered global security for all purposes under the indenture. Except as set forth below, owners of beneficial interests in a registered global security&#58; &#8226; will not be entitled to have the debt securities represented by a registered global security registered in their names&#59; &#8226; will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the debt securities in the definitive form&#59; and &#8226; will not be considered the owners or holders of the debt securities under the indenture. 15 Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a registered global security must rely on the procedures of the depositary for the registered global security and, if the person is not a participant, on the procedures of a participant through which the person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the indenture. We understand that under currently existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or if an owner of a beneficial interest in a registered global security desires to give or take any action that a holder is entitled to give or take under the indenture, the depositary for the registered global security would authorize the participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to give or take the action, and those participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through those participants to give or take the action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners holding through them. We will make payments of principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on debt securities represented by a registered global security registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee to the depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owners of the registered global security. None of us, the trustee or any other agent of us or the trustee will be responsible or liable for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the registered global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to the beneficial ownership interests. We expect that the depositary for any debt securities represented by a registered global security, upon receipt of any payments of principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, in respect of the registered global security, will immediately credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the registered global security as shown on the records of the depositary. We also expect that standing customer instructions and customary practices will govern payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in the registered global security held through the participants, as is now the case with the securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name." We also expect that any of these payments will be the responsibility of the participants. If the depositary for any debt securities represented by a registered global security is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, we will appoint an eligible successor depositary. If we fail to appoint an eligible successor depositary within 90 days, we will issue the debt securities in definitive form in exchange for the registered global security. In addition, we may at any time and in our sole discretion decide not to have any of the debt securities of a series represented by one or more registered global securities. In such event, we will issue debt securities of that series in a definitive form in exchange for all of the registered global securities representing the debt securities. The trustee will register any debt securities issued in definitive form in exchange for a registered global security in such name or names as the depositary, based upon instructions from its participants, shall instruct the trustee. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance We can discharge or defease our obligations under the indenture as set forth below. Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, the subordination provisions applicable to any Subordinated Securities will be expressly made subject to the discharge and defeasance provisions of the indenture. We may discharge our obligations to holders of any series of debt securities that have not already been delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that have either become due and payable or are by their terms to become due and payable within one year (or to be called for redemption within one year). We may effect a discharge by irrevocably depositing or causing to be delivered with the trustee cash or, in the case of series of debt securities, the payment on which may only be made in U.S. Dollars, U.S. government obligations, as trust funds, in an amount certified to be sufficient to pay when due, whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise, the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the debt securities and any mandatory sinking fund payments. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may also discharge any and all of our obligations to holders of any series of debt securities at any time ("legal defeasance"). We also may be released from the obligations imposed by any covenants of any outstanding series of debt securities and provisions of the indenture, and we may omit to comply with those covenants without creating an Event of Default ("covenant defeasance"). We may effect legal defeasance and covenant defeasance only if, among other things&#58; &#8226; we irrevocably deposit with the trustee cash or, in the case of series of debt securities, the payment on which may only be made in U.S. Dollars, U.S. government obligations, as trust funds, in an amount certified to be sufficient to pay when due (whether at maturity, upon redemption, or otherwise) the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on all outstanding debt securities of the series&#59; and &#8226; we deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel from a nationally recognized law firm to the effect that the beneficial owners of the series of debt securities will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. 16 federal income tax purposes as a result of the legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as applicable, and that legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as applicable, will not otherwise alter the beneficial owners' U.S. federal income tax treatment of principal, premium, if any, and interest payments on the series of debt securities, which opinion, in the case of legal defeasance, must be based on a ruling of the Internal Revenue Service, or a change in U.S. federal income tax law. Although we may discharge or defease our obligations under the indenture as described in the two preceding paragraphs, we may not avoid, among other things, our duty to register the transfer or exchange of any series of debt securities, to replace any temporary, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen series of debt securities or to maintain an office or agency in respect of any series of debt securities. We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option. Modifications of the Indenture The indenture provides that we and the trustee may enter into supplemental indentures without the consent of the holders of debt securities to&#58; &#8226; secure any debt securities&#59; &#8226; evidence the assumption by another person of our obligations, as permitted by the indenture&#59; &#8226; add covenants for the protection of the holders of debt securities of all or any series or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us&#59; &#8226; add any additional events of default for the benefit of holders of the debt securities of all or any series&#59; &#8226; add one or more guarantees for the benefit of holders of the debt securities&#59; &#8226; provide for the issuance of additional debt securities of any series&#59; &#8226; comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository&#59; &#8226; provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities&#59; &#8226; add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities&#59; provided that any such addition, change or elimination (a) shall neither (1) apply to any debt security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (2) modify the rights of the holder of any such debt security with respect to such provision or (b) shall become effective only when there is no debt security described in clause (a)(1) outstanding&#59; &#8226; supplement any of the provisions of the indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of debt securities pursuant to the indenture&#59; provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of such series or any other series of debt securities in any material respect&#59; &#8226; comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the debt securities may be listed or traded&#59; &#8226; add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, provided that such action does not adversely affect the rights or interests of any holder of debt securities in any material respect&#59; &#8226; cure or correct any ambiguity, defect, omission or inconsistency in the indenture&#59; provided that such action does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of any series in any material respect&#59; &#8226; establish the forms or terms of debt securities of any series&#59; &#8226; evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee&#59; and 17 &#8226; add to, change or eliminate any other provision of the indenture&#59; provided that such addition, change or elimination does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of any series in any material respect. The indenture also provides that we and the trustee may, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series of Senior Debt Securities or Subordinated Securities, as the case may be, then outstanding and affected thereby (voting as one class), add any provisions to, or change in any manner, eliminate or modify in any way the provisions of, the indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the holders of the debt securities. We and the trustee may not, however, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security affected thereby&#58; &#8226; extend the final maturity of any debt security&#59; &#8226; reduce the principal amount of, or premium, if any, on any debt security&#59; &#8226; reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest on any debt security&#59; &#8226; reduce any amount payable on redemption of any debt security&#59; &#8226; change the currency in which the principal (other than as may be provided otherwise with respect to a series), premium, if any, or interest is payable on any debt security&#59; &#8226; reduce the amount of the principal of any debt security issued with an original issue discount that is payable upon acceleration or provable in bankruptcy&#59; &#8226; modify any of the subordination provisions or the definition of senior indebtedness applicable to any Subordinated Securities in a manner adverse to the holders of those securities&#59; &#8226; alter provisions of the indenture relating to the debt securities not denominated in U.S. dollars&#59; &#8226; impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on any debt security when due&#59; or &#8226; reduce the percentage of holders of debt securities of any series whose consent is required for any modification of the indenture. Concerning the Trustee Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, serves as trustee under the indenture. The trustee assumes (and will have) no responsibility or liability for the accuracy, correctness, or completeness of the information (including such information concerning us or our affiliates or any other party) contained in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or for any failure by us or any other party to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of such information. The indenture provides that there may be more than one trustee under the indenture, each with respect to one or more series of debt securities. If there are different trustees for different series of debt securities, each trustee will be a trustee of a trust under the indenture separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee under the indenture. Except as otherwise indicated in this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement, any action permitted to be taken by a trustee may be taken by such trustee only with respect to the one or more series of debt securities for which it is the trustee under the indenture. Any trustee under the indenture may resign or be removed with respect to one or more series of debt securities. All payments of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, and all registration, transfer, exchange, authentication and delivery (including authentication and delivery on original issuance of the debt securities) of, the debt securities of a series will be effected by the trustee with respect to such series at the corporate trust office designated by the trustee in St. Paul, Minnesota. The indenture contains limitations on the right of the trustee, should it become a creditor of us, to obtain payment of claims in some cases or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The trustee may engage in other transactions. If it acquires any conflicting interest relating to any duties with respect to the debt securities, however, it must eliminate the conflict or resign as trustee. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of any series of debt securities then outstanding will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the trustee with respect to such series of debt securities, provided that the direction would not 18 conflict with any rule of law or with the indenture, would not be unduly prejudicial to the rights of another holder of the debt securities, and would not involve any trustee in personal liability. The indenture provides that in case an Event of Default shall occur and be known to any trustee and not be cured, the trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would use in the conduct of his or her own affairs in the exercise of the trustee's power. Subject to these provisions, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture at the request of any of the holders of the debt securities, unless they shall have offered to the trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to the trustee. The registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part does not provide a comprehensive description of the rights, benefits, protections, immunities, indemnities, and privileges of the trustee. Rather, the indenture sets forth the trustee's rights, benefits, protections, immunities, indemnities, and privileges. No Individual Liability of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers or Directors The indenture provides that no incorporator and no past, present or future stockholder, officer or director of us or any successor corporation in their capacity as such shall have any individual liability for any of our obligations, covenants or agreements under the debt securities or the indenture. Governing Law The indenture and the debt securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 19 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of any depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts or stock purchase units and, if applicable, prepaid securities. 20 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants, stock purchase contracts or stock purchase units in one or more of the following ways from time to time&#58; &#8226; to or through underwriters or dealers&#59; &#8226; directly to one or more purchasers&#59; &#8226; through agents or dealers&#59; or &#8226; through a combination of any of these methods of sale. The prospectus supplements relating to an offering of offered securities will set forth the terms of such offering, including&#58; &#8226; the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents&#59; &#8226; the purchase price of the offered securities and the proceeds to us from the sale&#59; &#8226; any underwriting discounts and commissions or agency fees and other items constituting underwriters' or agents' compensation&#59; and &#8226; any initial public offering price, any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers and any securities exchanges on which such offered securities may be listed. Any initial public offering prices, discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. If underwriters are used in the sale, the underwriters will acquire the offered securities for their own account and may resell them from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The offered securities may be offered either to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or by one or more underwriters without a syndicate. Unless otherwise set forth in a prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters to purchase any series of securities will be subject to certain conditions precedent, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of such series of securities if any are purchased. In connection with underwritten offerings of the offered securities and in accordance with applicable law and industry practice, underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the offered securities at levels above those that might otherwise prevail in the open market, including by entering stabilizing bids, effecting syndicate covering transactions or imposing penalty bids, each of which is described below. &#8226; A stabilizing bid means the placing of any bid, or the effecting of any purchase, for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of a security. &#8226; A syndicate covering transaction means the placing of any bid on behalf of the underwriting syndicate or the effecting of any purchase to reduce a short position created in connection with the offering. &#8226; A penalty bid means an arrangement that permits the managing underwriter to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member in connection with the offering when offered securities originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased in syndicate covering transactions. These transactions may be effected on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, in the over-the-counter market, or otherwise. Underwriters are not required to engage in any of these activities, or to continue such activities if commenced. If a dealer is used in the sale, we will sell such offered securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the offered securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by that dealer at the time for resale. The names of the dealers and the terms of the transaction will be set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to that transaction. 21 Offered securities may be sold directly by us to one or more institutional purchasers, or through agents designated by us from time to time, at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed, or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. Any agent involved in the offer or sale of the offered securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered will be named, and any commissions payable by us to such agent will be set forth, in the prospectus supplement relating to that offering. Unless otherwise indicated in such prospectus supplement, any such agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment. Underwriters, dealers and agents may be entitled under agreements entered into with us to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to contribution with respect to payments that the underwriters, dealers or agents may be required to make in respect thereof. Underwriters, dealers and agents may be customers of, engage in transactions with, or perform services for us and our affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Other than our common stock, which is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, each of the securities issued hereunder will be a new issue of securities, will have no prior trading market, and may or may not be listed on a national securities exchange. Any common stock sold pursuant to a prospectus supplement will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, subject to official notice of issuance. Any underwriters to whom we sell securities for public offering and sale may make a market in the securities, but such underwriters will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for the offered securities. 22 LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the securities being offered hereby is being passed upon for us by Cooley LLP, Palo Alto, California. Any underwriters will also be advised about the validity of the securities and other legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The financial statements and management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 26, 2025 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 23 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth the expenses to be borne by NVIDIA in connection with the offerings described in this Registration Statement. SEC registration fee * Legal fees and expenses ** Accounting fees and expenses ** Printing fees ** Rating agency fees ** Trustee's fees and expenses ** Miscellaneous ** Total ** * The Registrant is registering an indeterminate amount of securities under this registration statement, and in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r), the Registrant is deferring payment of all of the registration fee, except for the fees previously paid in connection with unsold securities pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act (see Exhibit 107 to this registration statement). ** The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated aggregate amount of expenses payable in respect of any offering of securities. ITEM 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, NVIDIA has broad powers to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities they may incur in such capacities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). NVIDIA's Amended and Restated Bylaws require NVIDIA to indemnify its directors and executive officers, and permit NVIDIA to indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents, to the extent permitted by Delaware law. NVIDIA has entered into indemnity agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Such indemnity agreements contain provisions which are in some respects broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in Delaware law. In addition, NVIDIA's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that its directors shall not be personally liable to NVIDIA or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to NVIDIA or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of NVIDIA's directors shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. The underwriting agreement to be entered into in connection with an offering of the securities will contain provisions which indemnify the officers and directors of NVIDIA in certain circumstances. It is the opinion of the SEC that indemnification of directors and officers for liabilities arising under the Securities is against public policy and is unenforceable pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Act. II-1 ITEM 16. Exhibits. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Schedule &#47;Form Exhibit Filing Date 1.1* Form of Underwriting Agreement 2.1&#94; Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2020, by and among NVIDIA, NVIDIA Holdings, Arm, SoftBank, and Vision Fund 8-K 2.1 9&#47;14&#47;2020 4.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-K 3.1 3&#47;18&#47;2022 4.2 Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation 8-K 3.1 6&#47;6&#47;2022 4.3 Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation 8-K 3.1 6&#47;7&#47;2024 4.4 Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of March 2, 2023 8-K 3.1 3&#47;14&#47;2024 4.5 Specimen Stock Certificate S-1&#47;A 4.2 4&#47;24&#47;1998 4.6+ Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 8-K 4.1 9&#47;16&#47;2016 4.7* Form of Debt Security 4.8* Form of Deposit Agreement (including form of Deposit Certificate) 4.9* Form of Warrant Agreement (Stock) (including form of Warrant Certificate) 4.10* Form of Warrant Agreement (Debt) (including form of Warrant Certificate) 4.11* Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock 4.12* Form of Purchase Contract Agreement (including form of Purchase Contract Certificate) 4.13* Form of Purchase Unit Agreement (including form of Purchase Unit Certificate) 5.1 Opinion of Cooley LLP regarding the validity of the securities of NVIDIA Corporation offered hereby 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 23.2 Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 25.1 Statement of Eligibility under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, on Form T-1 of Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, under the Indenture 107 Filing Fee Table * To be filed by amendment or incorporated by reference prior to the offering of securities. &#94; Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). II-2 ITEM 17. Undertakings. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes&#58; (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement&#58; (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act&#59; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement&#59; (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement&#59; provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) shall not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser&#58; (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement&#59; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser&#58; (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424&#59; II-3 (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant&#59; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant&#59; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant's annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, NVIDIA Corporation certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Santa Clara, State of California, on the 28th day of May 2025. NVIDIA Corporation By&#58; &#47;s&#47; Colette M. Kress Colette M. Kress Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each of them singly, with the power to act without the other, as attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement on Form S-3, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement on Form S-3 has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the 28th day of May 2025. II-5 Signature Title Date &#47;s&#47; JEN-HSUN HUANG President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) May 28, 2025 Jen-Hsun Huang &#47;s&#47; COLETTE M. KRESS Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) May 28, 2025 Colette M. Kress &#47;s&#47; DONALD ROBERTSON Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) May 28, 2025 Donald Robertson &#47;s&#47; ROBERT K. BURGESS Director May 28, 2025 Robert K. Burgess &#47;s&#47; TENCH COXE Director May 28, 2025 Tench Coxe &#47;s&#47; JOHN O. DABIRI Director May 28, 2025 John O. Dabiri &#47;s&#47; PERSIS S. DRELL Director May 28, 2025 Persis S. Drell &#47;s&#47; DAWN HUDSON Director May 28, 2025 Dawn Hudson &#47;s&#47; HARVEY C. JONES Director May 28, 2025 Harvey C. Jones &#47;s&#47; MELISSA B. LORA Director May 28, 2025 Melissa B. Lora &#47;s&#47; STEPHEN C. NEAL Director May 28, 2025 Stephen C. Neal &#47;s&#47; ELLEN OCHOA Director May 28, 2025 Ellen Ochoa &#47;s&#47; A. BROOKE SEAWELL Director May 28, 2025 A. Brooke Seawell &#47;s&#47; AARTI SHAH Director May 28, 2025 Aarti Shah &#47;s&#47; MARK A. STEVENS Director May 28, 2025 Mark A. Stevens II-6