S-3ASR 1 ny20033611x4_s3asr.htm S-3ASR TABLE OF CONTENTS As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2024 Registration No. 333-&#8195;&#8195; UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 &#8201; Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; California &#8194; &#8194; 94-2404110 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) &#8194; &#8194; (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.&#8201;) &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (408) 996-1010 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices) Katherine Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (408) 996-1010 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. &#8201; &#x2610; If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. &#x2612; If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#8201; &#x2610; If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. &#8201; &#x2610; If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#x2612; If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. &#8201; &#x2610; Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Large accelerated filer &#8194; &#8194; &#x2612; &#8194; &#8194; Accelerated filer &#8194; &#8194; &#8201; &#x2610; Non-accelerated filer &#8194; &#8194; &#8201; &#x2610; &#8194; &#8194; Smaller reporting company &#8194; &#8194; &#8201; &#x2610; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Emerging growth company &#8194; &#8194; &#8201; &#x2610; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. &#8201; &#x2610; TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS &#8201; Apple Inc. Debt Securities We may, from time to time, offer to sell debt securities in one or more offerings. This prospectus describes some of the general terms and conditions that may apply to these securities. We will provide the specific terms and conditions of these securities, including their offering prices, in prospectus supplements to this prospectus. We may offer and sell these debt securities to or through one or more underwriters, dealers or agents, directly to purchasers or through a combination of these methods, on a continuous or delayed basis. You can find additional information about our plan of distribution for the securities under the heading "Plan of Distribution" in this prospectus. We will also describe the plan of distribution for any particular offering of securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. This prospectus may not be used to sell our securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Investing in our debt securities involves risks. You should consider the risks described under " Risk Factors " on page 2 of this prospectus, as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement, before making a decision to invest in our debt securities . Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This prospectus is dated November 1, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; About This Prospectus &#8194; &#8194; ii Where You Can Find More Information &#8194; &#8194; iii Incorporation By Reference &#8194; &#8194; iv Forward-Looking Statements &#8194; &#8194; v Apple Inc. &#8194; &#8194; 1 Risk Factors &#8194; &#8194; 2 Use of Proceeds &#8194; &#8194; 3 Description of the Debt Securities &#8194; &#8194; 4 Plan of Distribution &#8194; &#8194; 17 Validity of the Securities &#8194; &#8194; 18 Experts &#8194; &#8194; 18 &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in any accompanying prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectus filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. We have not authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. You should not assume that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement or in any such free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the respective dates thereof. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. We are not making an offer to sell these debt securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. i TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, utilizing a "shelf" registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may, at any time and from time to time, sell in one or more offerings any of our debt securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the debt securities that we may offer from time to time. Each time we offer and sell debt securities, we will provide an accompanying prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering, including, but not limited to, the specific amounts, prices and terms of the securities offered. The accompanying prospectus supplement may also add, update, change or supersede the information contained in this prospectus. If information varies between this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in the accompanying prospectus supplement. You should carefully read both this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, together with additional information described below under the heading "Where You Can Find More Information." Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to "Apple," the "Company," "we," "us" and "our" and all similar references are to Apple Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. However, in the "Description of the Debt Securities" section of this prospectus, references to "we," "us" and "our" are to Apple Inc. (parent company only) and not to any of its subsidiaries. ii TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. We also make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website (investor.apple.com) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Please note, however, that we have not incorporated any other information by reference from our Internet website, other than the documents listed below under the heading "Incorporation by Reference." In addition, you may request copies of these filings at no cost through our Investor Relations Department at: Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, MS 927-4INV, Cupertino, CA 95014, telephone: (408) 974-3123 or our Internet website (investor.apple.com). We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the debt securities covered by this prospectus. This prospectus is a part of the registration statement and does not contain all the information in the registration statement. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to a contract or other document of ours that is an exhibit to the registration statement, the reference is only a summary and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement for a copy of the contract or other document. You may review a copy of the registration statement and the documents incorporated by reference herein through the SEC's Internet website listed above. iii TABLE OF CONTENTS INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference information into this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. Any information referred to in this way is considered part of this prospectus from the date we file that document. Any reports filed by us with the SEC after the date of this prospectus and before the date that the offering of the debt securities by means of this prospectus is terminated will automatically update and, where applicable, supersede any information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We incorporate by reference in this prospectus the documents set forth below that have been previously filed with the SEC as well as any filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this prospectus and before the termination of the offering of the securities described in this prospectus; provided, however, that, except as specifically provided below, we are not incorporating any documents or portions of documents deemed to have been furnished rather than filed in accordance with SEC rules: &#8226; our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024; and &#8226; our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024. To obtain copies of these filings, see "Where You Can Find More Information." iv TABLE OF CONTENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as "future," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "will," "would," "could," "can," "may," and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Risk Factors," which are incorporated herein by reference. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. v TABLE OF CONTENTS APPLE INC. Apple designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. Our products include iPhone &#174; , Mac &#174; , iPad &#174; , AirPods &#174; , Apple Watch &#174; , and Apple Vision Pro&#8482;. Our services include the App Store &#174; , Apple Music &#174; , Apple Pay &#174; , iCloud &#174; , and Apple TV+ &#174; . Our customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. We sell our products and resell third-party products in most of our major markets directly to customers through our retail and online stores and our direct sales force. We also employ a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. Our principal executive offices are located at One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, and our main telephone number is (408) 996-1010. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Investing in the debt securities involves risks. Before making a decision to invest in the debt securities, in addition to the other information contained in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, you should carefully consider the risks described under "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 (together with any updates thereto in subsequent periodic filings) and in other documents that we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information." 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS USE OF PROCEEDS Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from sales of the debt securities for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, repurchases of our common stock and payment of dividends under our program to return capital to shareholders, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and repayment of debt. We may temporarily invest funds that are not immediately needed for these purposes in short-term investments, including, but not limited to, cash, cash equivalents and/or marketable securities. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS DESCRIPTION OF THE DEBT SECURITIES We have summarized below general terms and conditions of the debt securities that we will offer and sell pursuant to this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt securities, we will describe the specific terms and conditions of the series in an accompanying prospectus supplement to this prospectus. We will also indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement whether the general terms and conditions described in this prospectus apply to the series of debt securities. The terms and conditions of the debt securities of a series may be different in one or more respects from the terms and conditions described below. If so, those differences will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will issue the debt securities in one or more series under an indenture between us and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The following summary of provisions of the indenture does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture, including, but not limited to, definitions therein of certain terms. This summary may not contain all of the information that you may find useful. The terms and conditions of the debt securities of each series will be set forth in those debt securities and in the indenture and in the applicable prospectus supplement. For a comprehensive description of any series of debt securities being offered to you pursuant to this prospectus, you should read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement. The indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. A form of each debt security, reflecting the specific terms and provisions of that series of debt securities, will be filed with the SEC in connection with each offering and will be incorporated by reference in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. You may obtain a copy of the indenture and any form of debt security that has been filed in the manner described under "Where You Can Find More Information." Capitalized terms used and not defined in this summary have the meanings specified in the indenture. For purposes of this section of this prospectus, references to "we," "us" and "our" are to Apple Inc. (parent company only) and not to any of its subsidiaries. References to the "applicable prospectus supplement" are to the accompanying prospectus supplement to this prospectus that describes the specific terms and conditions of a series of debt securities. General We may offer the debt securities from time to time in as many distinct series as we may determine. The indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue thereunder. We may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities of the series (except for the public offering price and the issue date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold. The debt securities of each series will be issued in fully registered form without interest coupons. We currently anticipate that the debt securities of each series offered and sold pursuant to this prospectus will be issued as global debt securities as described under "&#8212;Book-Entry; Delivery and Form; Global Securities" and will trade in book-entry form only. Debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars will be issued in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the debt securities of a series are denominated in a foreign or composite currency, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify the denomination or denominations in which those debt securities will be issued. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will repay the debt securities of each series at 100% of their principal amount, together with any premium and accrued and unpaid interest thereon at maturity, except if those debt securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities of each series will not be listed on any securities exchange. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Provisions of Indenture The indenture provides that debt securities may be issued under it from time to time in one or more series. For each series of debt securities, this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement will describe the following terms and conditions of that series of debt securities: &#8226; the title of the debt securities of the series; &#8226; the maximum aggregate principal amount, if any, established for debt securities of the series, provided, however, that such amount may from time to time be increased by a board resolution; &#8226; the price or prices at which the debt securities will be sold; &#8226; the person to whom any interest on a debt security of the series will be payable, if other than the person in whose name that debt security (or one or more predecessor debt securities) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such interest; &#8226; the date or dates on which the principal and premium, if any, of any debt securities of the series will be payable or the method used to determine or extend those dates; &#8226; the rate or rates at which any debt securities of the series will bear interest, if any, or the method by which such rate or rates shall be determined, the date or dates from which any such interest will accrue, or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, the interest payment dates on which any such interest will be payable and the regular record date, if any, for any such interest payable on any interest payment date, or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, and the basis upon which interest shall be calculated if other than that of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, the right, if any, to extend or defer interest payments and the duration of such extension or deferral; &#8226; the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on any debt securities of the series will be payable, the place or places where the debt securities of such series may be presented for registration of transfer or exchange, the place or places where notices and demands to or upon us in respect of the debt securities of such series may be made and the manner in which any payment may be made; &#8226; the period or periods within which or the date or dates on which, the price or prices at which, the currency or currency units in which, and the terms and conditions upon which any debt securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at our option and, if other than by a board resolution, the manner in which any election by us to redeem the debt securities will be evidenced; &#8226; our obligation or right, if any, to redeem or purchase any debt securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund, amortization or analogous provisions or at the option of the holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which, the currency or currency units in which, and the terms and conditions upon which any debt securities of the series will be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; &#8226; if other than denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which any debt securities of the series will be issuable; &#8226; if other than the trustee, the identity of each security registrar and/or paying agent; &#8226; if the amount of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any debt securities of the series may be determined with reference to a financial or economic measure or index or pursuant to a formula, the manner in which such amounts will be determined; &#8226; if other than U.S. dollars, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any debt securities of the series will be payable and the manner of determining the equivalent thereof in U.S. dollars for any purpose; 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS &#8226; if the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any debt securities of the series is to be payable, at our election or the election of the holder thereof, in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such debt securities are stated to be payable, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on such debt securities as to which such election is made will be payable, the periods within which or the dates on which and the terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made and the amount so payable (or the manner in which such amount will be determined); &#8226; if the provisions of the indenture relating to satisfaction and discharge thereof shall apply to the debt securities of that series as set forth therein, or if provisions for the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture other than as set forth therein shall apply to the debt securities of that series; &#8226; if other than the entire principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of any debt securities of the series which will be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to the indenture or the method by which such portion shall be determined; &#8226; if the principal amount payable at the stated maturity of any debt securities of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more dates prior to the stated maturity, the amount which will be deemed to be the principal amount of such debt securities as of any such date for any purpose thereunder or hereunder, including the principal amount thereof which will be due and payable upon any maturity other than the stated maturity or which will be deemed to be outstanding as of any date prior to the stated maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount will be determined); &#8226; if other than by a board resolution, the manner in which any election by us to defease any debt securities of the series pursuant to the indenture will be evidenced; whether any debt securities of the series other than debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate are to be subject to the defeasance provisions of the indenture; or, in the case of debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, if applicable, that the debt securities of the series, in whole or any specified part, will not be defeasible pursuant to the indenture; &#8226; if applicable, that any debt securities of the series shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more global securities and, in such case, the respective depositaries for such global securities, the form of any legend or legends which shall be borne by any such global security in addition to or in lieu of that set forth in the indenture and any circumstances in which any such global security may be exchanged in whole or in part for debt securities registered, and any transfer of such global security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name or names of persons other than the depositary for such global security or a nominee thereof; &#8226; any addition to, deletion from or change in the events of default applicable to any debt securities of the series and any change in the right of the trustee or the requisite holders of such debt securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable; &#8226; any addition to, deletion from or change in the covenants applicable to debt securities of the series; &#8226; the terms of any right to convert or exchange debt securities of such series into any other securities or property of ours or of any other corporation or person, and the additions or changes, if any, to the indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series to permit or facilitate such conversion or exchange; &#8226; whether the debt securities of the series will be guaranteed by any persons and, if so, the identity of such persons, the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be guaranteed and, if applicable, the terms and conditions upon which such guarantees may be subordinated to other indebtedness of the respective guarantors; &#8226; whether the debt securities of the series will be secured by any collateral and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be secured and, if applicable, upon which such liens may be subordinated to other liens securing other indebtedness of us or of any guarantor; &#8226; whether the debt securities will be issued in a transaction registered under the Securities Act and any restriction or condition on the transferability of the debt securities of such series; 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS &#8226; the exchanges, if any, on which the debt securities may be listed; and &#8226; any other terms of the debt securities of the series (which terms will not be inconsistent with the provisions of the indenture, except as permitted thereunder). Interest and Interest Rates In the applicable prospectus supplement, we will designate the debt securities of a series as being either debt securities bearing interest at a fixed rate of interest or debt securities bearing interest at a floating rate of interest. Each debt security will begin to accrue interest from the date on which it is originally issued. Interest on each such debt security will be payable in arrears on the interest payment dates set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement and as otherwise described below and at maturity or, if earlier, the redemption date described below. Interest will be payable to the holder of record of the debt securities at the close of business on the record date for each interest payment date, which record dates will be specified in such prospectus supplement. As used in the indenture, the term "business day" means, with respect to debt securities of a series, unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close in the place where the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the debt securities are payable. If any interest payment date, redemption date, repayment date or stated maturity of a debt security, or any date on which a holder has the right to convert such debt security, falls on a date that is not a business day, then payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption price or conversion of such debt security, will be made on the next succeeding business day at such place of payment with the same force and effect as if made on the interest payment date, redemption date or repayment date, or at the stated maturity, or on such conversion date. No interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such interest payment date, redemption date, repayment date, stated maturity or conversion date, as the case may be, to the date of such payment. Optional Redemption Redemption at Our Option If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may elect to redeem all or part of the outstanding debt securities of a series from time to time before the maturity date of the debt securities of that series. Upon such election, we will notify the trustee of the redemption date and the principal amount of debt securities of the series to be redeemed. If less than all the debt securities of the series are to be redeemed, the particular debt securities of that series to be redeemed will be selected by the trustee in accordance with the depositary's procedures, in the case of notes represented by a global note, or by lot, in the case of notes that are not represented by a global note. If we shall so direct, debt securities registered in our name or the name of any of our affiliates or subsidiaries shall not be included in the debt securities for redemption. The applicable prospectus supplement will specify the redemption price for the debt securities to be redeemed (or the method of calculating such price), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of those debt securities. Notice of redemption will be given to each holder of the debt securities to be redeemed not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the date set for such redemption (or within such period as otherwise specified as contemplated by the indenture for debt securities of a series). Notices of redemption may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more subsequent events specified in the notice. This notice will identify the debt securities to be redeemed and will include the following information, among other information: the redemption date; the redemption price (or the method of calculating such price); if less than all of the outstanding debt securities of such series are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption, the respective principal amounts) of the particular debt securities to be redeemed and, if less than all of the outstanding debt securities of any series consisting of a single debt security are to be redeemed, the principal amount of the particular debt security to be redeemed; the place or places where such debt securities are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; if applicable, any condition to such redemption; and, if applicable, the CUSIP number of the debt securities to be redeemed. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the redemption date, we will deposit or cause to be deposited with the trustee or with a paying agent (or, if we are acting as our own paying agent with respect to the debt securities being redeemed, we will segregate and hold in trust as provided in the indenture) an amount of money sufficient to pay the aggregate redemption price of, and (except if the redemption date shall be an interest payment date or the debt securities of such series provide otherwise) accrued interest on, all of the debt securities or the part thereof to be redeemed on that date. On the redemption date, the redemption price will become due and payable upon all of the debt securities to be redeemed, and interest, if any, on the debt securities to be redeemed will cease to accrue from and after that date. Upon surrender of any such debt securities for redemption, we will pay those debt securities surrendered at the redemption price together, if applicable, with accrued interest to the redemption date. If the redemption date is after a regular record date and on or prior to the applicable interest payment date, the accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable to the holder of the redeemed securities registered on the relevant regular record date. Any debt securities to be redeemed only in part must be surrendered at the office or agency established by us for such purpose, and we will execute, and the trustee will authenticate and deliver to a holder without service charge, new debt securities of the same series and of like tenor, of any authorized denominations as requested by that holder, in a principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the debt securities that holder surrenders. Repayment at Holder's Option If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the holders of the debt securities of a series will have the option to elect repayment of those debt securities by us prior to the stated maturity of the debt securities of that series at time or times and subject to the conditions specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. If the holders of those debt securities have that option, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify the optional repayment date or dates on which the debt security may be repaid and the optional repayment price, or the method by which such price will be determined. The optional repayment price is the price at which, together with accrued interest to the optional repayment date, the debt security may be repaid at the holder's option on each such optional repayment date. Except as otherwise may be provided by the terms of the debt securities, any tender of a debt security by the holder for repayment will be irrevocable unless waived by us. Any repayment option of a holder may be exercised by the holder of debt securities for less than the entire principal amount of the debt security; provided that the principal amount of the debt security remaining outstanding after repayment will be an authorized denomination. Upon such partial repayment, the debt securities will be canceled and new debt securities for the remaining principal amount will be issued in the name of the holder of the repaid debt securities. If debt securities are represented by a global security as described under "&#8212;Book-Entry; Delivery and Form; Global Securities," the securities depository for the global security or its nominee will be the holder of the debt security and, therefore, will be the only person that can exercise a right to repayment. In order to ensure that the depository or its nominee will timely exercise a right to repayment relating to a particular debt security, the beneficial owner of the debt security must instruct the broker or other direct or indirect participant in the depository through which it holds an interest in the debt security to notify the depository of its desire to exercise a right to repayment by the appropriate cut-off time for notifying the participant. Different firms have different cut-off times for accepting instructions from their customers. Accordingly, you should consult the broker or other direct or indirect participant through which you hold an interest in a debt security in order to ascertain the cut-off time by which such an instruction must be given for timely notice to be delivered to the appropriate depository. Payment and Transfer or Exchange Principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the debt securities of each series will be payable, and the debt securities may be exchanged or transferred, at the office or agency maintained by us for such purpose (which initially will be the trustee's office located at 311 South Wacker Drive, Floor 62, Suite 6200 B, Mailbox #44, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration). Payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on a global security registered in the name of or held by The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or its nominee will be made in immediately available funds to DTC or its nominee, as the 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS case may be, as the registered holder of such global security. If any of the debt securities is no longer represented by a global security, payment of interest on certificated debt securities in definitive form may, at our option, be made by check mailed directly to holders at their registered addresses. See "&#8212;Book-Entry; Delivery and Form; Global Securities." A holder may transfer or exchange any certificated debt securities in definitive form at the same location given in the preceding paragraph. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or other similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith. If the debt securities of any series are to be redeemed in part, we are not required to transfer or exchange any debt security selected for redemption for a period of 15 days before the sending of a notice of redemption of the debt security to be redeemed. The registered holder of a debt security will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. All amounts of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities paid by us that remain unclaimed two years after such payment was due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holders of such debt securities will thereafter look solely to us for payment. Covenants The indenture sets forth limited covenants that will apply to each series of debt securities issued under the indenture, unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. However, these covenants do not, among other things: &#8226; limit the amount of additional indebtedness or lease obligations that may be incurred by us and our subsidiaries; &#8226; limit our ability or that of our subsidiaries to issue, assume or guarantee debt secured by liens; or &#8226; restrict us from paying dividends or making distributions on our capital stock or purchasing or redeeming our capital stock. Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets The indenture provides that we may consolidate with or merge with or into any other person, and may sell, transfer, or lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets to another person; provided that the following conditions are satisfied: &#8226; we are the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee person, or the Successor, is a person (if such person is not a corporation, then the Successor will include a corporate co-issuer of the debt securities) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor (if not us) will expressly assume, by supplemental indenture, all of our obligations under the debt securities and the indenture and, for each security that by its terms provides for conversion, provide for the right to convert such security in accordance with its terms; and &#8226; immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default under the indenture has occurred and is continuing. If we consolidate or merge with or into any other person or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets in accordance with the indenture, the Successor will be substituted for us in the indenture, with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the indenture. As a result, the Successor may exercise our rights and powers under the indenture, and we will be released from all our liabilities and obligations under the indenture and under the debt securities. Any substitution of the Successor for us might be deemed for federal income tax purposes to be an exchange of the debt securities for "new" debt securities, resulting in recognition of gain or loss for such purposes and possibly certain other adverse tax consequences to beneficial owners of the debt securities. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of any such substitution. 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS For purposes of this covenant, "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. Events of Default Each of the following events are defined in the indenture as an "event of default" (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether or not it will be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) with respect to the debt securities of any series: (1) default in the payment of any installment of interest on any debt securities of such series for 60 days after becoming due; (2) default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any debt securities of such series when it becomes due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon declaration or otherwise; (3) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of ours in the indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the performance of which or a breach of which is elsewhere in the indenture specifically dealt with or that has expressly been included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than such series), which continues for a period of 90 days after written notice to us by the trustee or to us and the trustee by the holders of at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series; (4) we pursuant to or within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Law: &#8226; commence a voluntary case or proceeding; &#8226; consent to the entry of an order for relief against us in an involuntary case or proceeding; &#8226; consent to the appointment of a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property; &#8226; make a general assignment for the benefit of our creditors; &#8226; file a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief; &#8226; consent to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian; or &#8226; take any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency; (5) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: &#8226; is for relief against us in an involuntary case, or adjudicates us insolvent or bankrupt; &#8226; appoints a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property; or &#8226; orders the winding-up or liquidation of us (or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws); and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 consecutive days; or (6) any other event of default provided with respect to debt securities of such series occurs. "Bankruptcy Law" means Title 11, United States Code or any similar federal or state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. "Custodian" means any custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. If an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series (other than an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us) occurs and is continuing, the trustee by notice to us, or the holders of at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series by notice to us and the trustee, may, and the trustee at the request of these holders will, declare the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the debt securities of such series to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS will be due and payable immediately. If an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us occurs and is continuing, the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on the debt securities of such series will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders. The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind a declaration of acceleration and its consequences, if we have deposited certain sums with the trustee and all events of default with respect to the debt securities of such series, other than the non-payment of the principal or interest which have become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived, as provided in the indenture. An event of default for a particular series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an event of default for any other series of debt securities issued under the indenture. We are required to furnish the trustee annually within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year a statement by one of our officers to the effect that, to the best knowledge of such officer, we are not in default in the fulfillment of any of our obligations under the indenture or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default and the nature and status thereof. No holder of any debt securities of any series will have any right to institute any judicial or other proceeding with respect to the indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy unless: (1) an event of default has occurred and is continuing and such holder has given the trustee prior written notice of such continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of such series; (2) the holders of not less than 33% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series have requested the trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such event of default; (3) the trustee has been offered indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against its costs, expenses and liabilities in complying with such request; (4) the trustee has failed to institute proceedings 60 days after the receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity; and (5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given for 60 days by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of a series will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series or exercising any trust or power conferred to the trustee, and to waive certain defaults. The indenture provides that if an event of default occurs and is continuing, the trustee will exercise such of its rights and powers under the indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture at the request of any of the holders of the debt securities of a series unless they will have offered to the trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. Modification and Waivers Modification and amendments of the indenture and the debt securities of any series may be made by us and the trustee with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series affected thereby; provided, however, that no such modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security of that series affected thereby: 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS &#8226; change the stated maturity of the principal of, or installment of interest on, any debt security; &#8226; reduce the principal amount of any debt security or reduce the amount of the principal of any debt security which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or reduce the rate of interest on any debt security; &#8226; reduce any premium payable on the redemption of any debt security or change the date on which any debt security may or must be redeemed (it being understood that a change to any notice requirement with respect to such date shall not be deemed to be a change of such date); &#8226; change the coin or currency in which the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any debt security is payable; &#8226; impair the right of any holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the stated maturity of any debt security (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date); &#8226; reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities, the consent of whose holders is required in order to take certain actions; &#8226; reduce the requirements for quorum or voting by holders of debt securities in the indenture or the debt security; &#8226; modify any of the provisions in the indenture regarding the waiver of past defaults and the waiver of certain covenants by the holders of debt securities except to increase any percentage vote required or to provide that certain other provisions of the indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each debt security affected thereby; &#8226; make any change that adversely affects the right to convert or exchange any debt security or decreases the conversion or exchange rate or increases the conversion price of any convertible or exchangeable debt security, unless such decrease or increase is permitted by the terms of the debt securities; or &#8226; modify any of the above provisions. We and the trustee may, without the consent of any holders, modify or amend the terms of the indenture and the debt securities of any series with respect to the following: &#8226; to add to our covenants for the benefit of holders of the debt securities of all or any series or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us; &#8226; to evidence the succession of another person to, and the assumption by the successor of our covenants, agreements and obligations under, the indenture pursuant to the covenant described under "&#8212;Covenants&#8212;Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets"; &#8226; to add any additional events of default for the benefit of holders of the debt securities of all or any series; &#8226; to add one or more guarantees or co-obligors for the benefit of holders of the debt securities; &#8226; to secure the debt securities; &#8226; to add or appoint a successor or separate trustee or other agent; &#8226; to provide for the issuance of additional debt securities of any series; &#8226; to establish the form or terms of debt securities of any series as permitted by the indenture; &#8226; to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository; &#8226; to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities; &#8226; to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities; provided that any such addition, change or elimination shall become effective only when there is no outstanding debt security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and as to which such supplemental indenture would apply; 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS &#8226; to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; &#8226; to change any other provision; provided that the change does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of any outstanding series in any material respect; &#8226; to supplement any of the provisions of the indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of debt securities pursuant to the indenture; provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of such series or any other series of debt securities in any material respect; &#8226; to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the debt securities may be listed or traded; and &#8226; to add to, change or eliminate any provision of the indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the Trust Indenture Act. The holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may, on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series, waive compliance by us with certain restrictive provisions of the indenture. The holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of a series may, on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series, waive any past default and its consequences under the indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series, except a default (1) in the payment of principal or premium, if any, or interest on debt securities of that series or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision of the indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each debt security of that series. Upon any such waiver, such default will cease to exist, and any event of default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of the indenture; however, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or event of default or impair any rights consequent thereon. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance We may discharge certain obligations to holders of the debt securities of a series that have not already been delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that either have become due and payable or will become due and payable within one year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing with the trustee, in trust, funds in U.S. dollars in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness including, but not limited to, the principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (if the debt securities have become due and payable) or to the maturity thereof or the redemption date of the debt securities of that series, as the case may be. We may direct the trustee to invest such funds in U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term U.S. Treasury securities. The indenture provides that we may elect either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all obligations with respect to the debt securities of a series (except for, among other things, obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the debt securities, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities, to maintain an office or agency with respect to the debt securities and to hold moneys for payment in trust), or legal defeasance, or (2) to be released from our obligations to comply with the restrictive covenants under the indenture, and any omission to comply with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event of default with respect to the debt securities of a series and clauses (3) and (6) under "&#8212;Events of Default" will no longer be applied, or covenant defeasance. Legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, will be conditioned upon, among other things, the irrevocable deposit by us with the trustee, in trust, of an amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S. government obligations, or both, applicable to the debt securities of that series which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal or premium, if any, and interest on the debt securities on the scheduled due dates therefor. If we effect covenant defeasance with respect to the debt securities of any series, the amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S. government obligations, or both, on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants, to pay amounts due on the debt securities of that series at the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the debt securities of that series at the time of the acceleration resulting from such event of default. However, we would remain liable to make payment of such amounts due at the time of acceleration. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS We will be required to deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related defeasance will not cause the holders and beneficial owners of the debt securities of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. If we elect legal defeasance, that opinion of counsel must be based upon a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or a change in law to that effect. We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option. Same-Day Settlement and Payment Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will trade in the same-day funds settlement system of DTC until maturity or until we issue the debt securities in certificated form. DTC will therefore require secondary market trading activity in the debt securities to settle in immediately available funds. We can give no assurance as to the effect, if any, of settlement in immediately available funds on trading activity in the debt securities. Book-Entry; Delivery and Form; Global Securities Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities of each series will be issued in the form of one or more global debt securities, in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons, each of which we refer to as a "global security." Each such global security will be deposited with the trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC in New York, New York for the accounts of participants in DTC. Investors may hold their interests in a global security directly through DTC if they are DTC participants, or indirectly through organizations that are DTC participants. Except in the limited circumstances described below, holders of debt securities represented by interests in a global security will not be entitled to receive their debt securities in fully registered certificated form. DTC has advised us as follows: DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under New York Banking Law, a "banking organization" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities of institutions that have accounts with DTC ("participants") and to facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among its participants in such securities through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of the participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. DTC's participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. Access to DTC's book-entry system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant, whether directly or indirectly. Ownership of Beneficial Interests Upon the issuance of each global security, DTC will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amount of the individual beneficial interests represented by the global security to the accounts of participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in each global security will be limited to participants or persons that may hold interests through participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in each global security will be shown on, and the transfer of those ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to participants' interests) and such participants (with respect to the owners of beneficial interests in the global security other than participants). So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered holder and owner of a global security, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole legal owner of the debt security represented by the global security for all purposes under the indenture, the debt securities and applicable law. Except as set forth below, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be entitled to receive certificated debt securities and will not be considered to be the owners or holders of any debt securities represented by the global security. We understand that under existing industry practice, in the event an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security desires to take any actions that DTC, as the holder of the global security, is 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS entitled to take, DTC would authorize the participants to take such action, and that participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through such participants to take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners owning through them. No beneficial owner of an interest in a global security will be able to transfer such interest except in accordance with DTC's applicable procedures, in addition to those provided for under the indenture. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of others, the ability of a person having a beneficial interest in a global security to pledge that interest to persons that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise to take actions in respect of that interest, may be impaired by the lack of a physical certificate representing that interest. All payments on the debt securities represented by a global security registered in the name of and held by DTC or its nominee will be made to DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner and holder of the global security. We expect that DTC or its nominee, upon receipt of any payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest in respect of a global security, will credit participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the global security as shown on the records of DTC or its nominee. We also expect that payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in the global security held through such participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices as is now the case with securities held for accounts for customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. These payments, however, will be the responsibility of such participants and indirect participants, and neither we, the trustee nor any paying agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in any global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests or for any other aspect of the relationship between DTC and its participants or the relationship between such participants and the owners of beneficial interests in the global security. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for certificated debt securities, each global security may not be transferred except as a whole by DTC to a nominee of DTC or by a nominee of DTC to DTC or another nominee of DTC. Transfers between participants in DTC will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled in same-day funds. We expect that DTC will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of debt securities only at the direction of one or more participants to whose account the DTC interests in a global security are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, if there is an event of default under the debt securities, DTC will exchange each global security for certificated debt securities, which it will distribute to its participants. Although we expect that DTC will agree to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in each global security among participants of DTC, DTC is under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of us, the underwriters or the trustee will have any responsibility for the performance or nonperformance by DTC or its participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. The indenture provides that the global securities will be exchanged for debt securities in certificated form of like tenor and of an equal principal amount, in authorized denominations in the following limited circumstances: (1) DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depository or if DTC ceases to be eligible under the indenture and we do not appoint a successor depository within 90 days; (2) we determine that the debt securities will no longer be represented by global securities and execute and deliver to the trustee an order to such effect; or (3) an event of default with respect to the debt securities will have occurred and be continuing. These certificated debt securities will be registered in such name or names as DTC will instruct the trustee. It is expected that such instructions may be based upon directions received by DTC from participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in global securities. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS The information in this section of this prospectus concerning DTC and DTC's book-entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not take responsibility for this information. Euroclear and Clearstream If the depositary for a global security is DTC, you may hold interests in the global security through Clearstream Banking, soci&#233;t&#233; anonyme , which we refer to as "Clearstream," or Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System, which we refer to as "Euroclear," in each case, as a participant in DTC. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests, in each case, on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in the names of Euroclear and Clearstream on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers' securities in the depositaries' names on DTC's books. Payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and other matters relating to the debt securities made through Euroclear or Clearstream must comply with the rules and procedures of those systems. Those systems could change their rules and procedures at any time. We have no control over those systems or their participants, and we take no responsibility for their activities. Transactions between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on one hand, and other participants in DTC, on the other hand, would also be subject to DTC's rules and procedures. Investors will be able to make and receive through Euroclear and Clearstream payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and other transactions involving any securities held through those systems only on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for business in the United States. In addition, because of time-zone differences, U.S. investors who hold their interests in the debt securities through these systems and wish on a particular day, to transfer their interests, or to receive or make a payment or delivery or exercise any other right with respect to their interests, may find that the transaction will not be effected until the next business day in Luxembourg or Brussels, as applicable. Thus, investors who wish to exercise rights that expire on a particular day may need to act before the expiration date. In addition, investors who hold their interests through both DTC and Euroclear or Clearstream may need to make special arrangements to finance any purchase or sales of their interests between the U.S. and European clearing systems, and those transactions may settle later than transactions within one clearing system. Governing Law The indenture and the debt securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Regarding the Trustee The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is the trustee under the indenture. The trustee is permitted to engage in transactions, including commercial banking and other transactions, with us and our subsidiaries from time to time; provided that if the trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict upon the occurrence of an event of default, or else resign. 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the debt securities described in this prospectus from time to time in one or more transactions: &#8226; to purchasers directly; &#8226; to underwriters for public offering and sale by them; &#8226; through agents; &#8226; through dealers; or &#8226; through a combination of any of the foregoing methods of sale. We may sell the debt securities directly to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act, with respect to any resale of the debt securities. A prospectus supplement will describe the terms of any sale of debt securities we are offering hereunder. Direct sales may be arranged by a securities broker-dealer or other financial intermediary. The applicable prospectus supplement will name any underwriter involved in a sale of debt securities. Underwriters may offer and sell debt securities at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed, or from time to time at market prices or at negotiated prices. Underwriters may be deemed to have received compensation from us from sales of debt securities in the form of underwriting discounts or commissions and may also receive commissions from purchasers of debt securities for whom they may act as agent. Underwriters may be involved in any at the market offering of debt securities by or on our behalf. Underwriters may sell debt securities to or through dealers, and such dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions (which may be changed from time to time) from the purchasers for whom they may act as agent. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, the obligations of any underwriters to purchase debt securities will be subject to certain conditions precedent, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the debt securities if any are purchased. The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth whether or not underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the debt securities at levels above those that might otherwise prevail in the open market, including, for example, by entering stabilizing bids, effecting syndicate covering transactions or imposing penalty bids. We will name any agent involved in a sale of debt securities, as well as any commissions payable by us to such agent, in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, any such agent will be acting on a reasonable efforts basis for the period of its appointment. If we utilize a dealer in the sale of the debt securities being offered pursuant to this prospectus, we will sell the debt securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the debt securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. Underwriters, dealers and agents participating in a sale of the debt securities may be deemed to be underwriters as defined in the Securities Act, and any discounts and commissions received by them and any profit realized by them on resale of the debt securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. We may have agreements with underwriters, dealers and agents to indemnify them against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to reimburse them for certain expenses. Underwriters or agents and their affiliates may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us or our affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will not list the debt securities on any securities exchange. The debt securities will be a new issue of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriters that purchase the debt securities for public offering and sale may make a market in such debt securities, but such underwriters will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We make no assurance as to the liquidity of or the trading markets for any debt securities. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS VALIDITY OF THE SECURITIES The validity of the securities will be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP, New York, NY, and for any underwriters or agents by counsel named in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, as set forth in their reports, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 and incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement. Our consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's reports given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART II &#8195; Information Not Required in Prospectus Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is a statement of the expenses (all of which are estimated) to be incurred by the Registrant in connection with a distribution of securities being registered under this registration statement: &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Amount to be paid SEC registration fee &#8194; &#8194; $ *&#8199;&#8195;&#8195;&#8195; Legal fees and expenses &#8194; &#8194; ** Accounting fees and expenses &#8194; &#8194; ** Printing fees &#8194; &#8194; ** Rating agency fees &#8194; &#8194; ** Trustee's fees and expenses &#8194; &#8194; ** Miscellaneous &#8194; &#8194; ** Total &#8194; &#8194; ** &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; * The Registrant is registering an indeterminate amount of securities under this registration statement and in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r), the Registrant is deferring payment of all of the registration fee. ** The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated aggregate amount of expenses payable in respect of any offering of securities. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 317 of the California Corporations Code, or the California Code, authorizes a corporation to indemnify, subject to certain exceptions, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor) by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent of the corporation, as the term "agent" is defined in section 317(a) of the California Code, against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the corporation and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct of such person was unlawful. A corporation is further authorized to indemnify, subject to certain exceptions, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was an agent of the corporation, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by that person in connection with the defense or settlement of the action if the person acted in good faith, in a manner the person believed to be in the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders. Further, Section 317 has no effect on claims arising under federal or state securities laws and does not affect the availability of injunctions and other equitable remedies available to a corporation's shareholders for any violation of a director's fiduciary duty to the corporation or its shareholders. Section 204 of the California Code provides that a corporation's articles of incorporation may not eliminate or limit the liability of directors (i) for acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing and culpable violation of law, (ii) for acts or omissions that a director believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders or that involve the absence of good faith on the part of the director, (iii) for any transaction from which a director derived an improper personal benefit, (iv) for acts or omissions that show a reckless disregard for the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders in circumstances in which the director was aware, or should have been aware, in the ordinary course of performing a director's duties, of a risk of a serious injury to the corporation or its shareholders, (v) for acts or omissions that constitute an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts to an abdication of the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders, (vi) under Section 310 of the California Code (concerning transactions between corporations and directors or corporations having interrelated directors) or (vii) under Section 316 of the California Code (concerning directors' liability for distributions, loans, and guarantees). II-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 204 further provides that a corporation's articles of incorporation may not eliminate or limit (i) the liability of a director for any act or omission occurring prior to the date when its indemnification provision became effective or (ii) the liability of an officer for any act or omission as an officer, notwithstanding that the officer is also a director or that his or her actions, if negligent or improper, have been ratified by the directors. The Registrant's Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for the elimination of liability for its directors to the fullest extent permissible under California law and authorize it to provide indemnification to directors, officers, employees or other agents through bylaw provisions, agreements with agents, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the California Code, subject only to the applicable limits set forth in Section 204 of the California Code with respect to actions for breach of duty to the Registrant and its shareholders. The Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that it shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the California Code, indemnify each of its directors and officers against expenses (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was its agent (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code). As included in the Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws, a "director" or "officer" includes any person (a) who is or was a director or officer of the Registrant, (b) who is or was serving at the request of the Registrant as a director or officer of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (c) who was a director or officer of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Registrant or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation. The Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws also contain provisions authorizing it, to the extent and in the manner permitted by the California Code, to indemnify each of its employees and agents (other than directors and officers) against expenses (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was its agent (as defined in Section 317(a) of the California Code). As included in the Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws, an "employee" or "agent" (other than a director or officer), includes any person (a) who is or was an employee or agent of the Registrant, (b) who is or was serving at the Registrant's request as an employee or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (c) who was an employee or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Registrant or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation. The Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws further provide that it may advance expenses incurred in defending any proceeding for which indemnification is required pursuant to section 10.1 of its Amended and Restated Bylaws, or for which indemnification is permitted pursuant to section 10.2 of its Amended and Restated Bylaws following authorization thereof by its board of directors, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the indemnified party to repay that amount if it shall be determined ultimately that the indemnified person is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by its Amended and Restated Bylaws. The indemnification provided for in the Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws for acts, omissions or transactions while acting in the capacity of, or while serving as, a director or officer of the Registrant but not involving a breach of duty to the Registrant and its shareholders shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, to the extent the additional rights to indemnification are authorized in its Restated Articles of Incorporation. In addition, the Registrant has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers, and maintains directors' and officers' liability insurance under which its directors and officers are insured against loss (as defined in the policy) as a result of certain claims brought against them in such capacities. II-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS The foregoing summaries are subject to the complete text of the statutes, the Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Amended and Restated Bylaws and the agreements referred to above and are qualified in their entirety by reference thereto. Item 16. Exhibits &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Exhibit No. &#8194; &#8194; Description 1.1** &#8194; &#8194; Form of Underwriting Agreement 4.1* &#8194; &#8194; Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2024, between Apple Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 4.2** &#8194; &#8194; Form of Debt Security 5.1* &#8194; &#8194; Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, as to the legality of the securities being registered 23.1* &#8194; &#8194; Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1) 23.2* &#8194; &#8194; Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.1* &#8194; &#8194; Powers of Attorney (included on signature page) 25.1* &#8194; &#8194; Statement of Eligibility under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as amended on Form T-1 of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as the trustee under the Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2024 107* &#8194; &#8194; Filing Fee Table &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; * Filed herewith. ** To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a document to be incorporated by reference herein in connection with an offering of securities. Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. II-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which the prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned Registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned Registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned Registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the Registrant's annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless II-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II-5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Cupertino, State of California, on the 1 st day of November, 2024. &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Apple Inc. &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; By: &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Luca Maestri &#8194; &#8194; Name: &#8194; &#8194; Luca Maestri &#8194; &#8194; Title: &#8194; &#8194; Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Katherine Adams and Luca Maestri, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments, including post-effective amendments, to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; Name &#8194; &#8194; Title &#8194; &#8194; Date &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Timothy D. Cook &#8194; &#8194; Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 TIMOTHY D. COOK &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Luca Maestri &#8194; &#8194; Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 LUCA MAESTRI &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Chris Kondo &#8194; &#8194; Senior Director of Corporate Accounting (Principal Accounting Officer) &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 CHRIS KONDO &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Wanda Austin &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 WANDA AUSTIN &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Alex Gorsky &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 ALEX GORSKY &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Andrea Jung &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 ANDREA JUNG &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Arthur D. Levinson &#8194; &#8194; Director and Chair of the Board &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 ARTHUR D. LEVINSON &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Monica Lozano &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 MONICA LOZANO &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Ronald D. Sugar &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 RONALD D. SUGAR &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; /s/ Susan L. Wagner &#8194; &#8194; Director &#8194; &#8194; November 1, 2024 SUSAN L. WAGNER &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; &#8194; II-6